19	Any overture of something that's kind of like a little white flag or peace offering to just get a week of peace, I'm not talking about permanent "I'm going to placate and cow tow to you and to talk my needs in other..." No. Just talking about lets...
23	Yeah, I imagine it would — sorry, go ahead. So it's supposed to work immediately, right? Yep. So we'll see if I'm productive tomorrow. I hope I'm productive today. I've actually been trying to plan. If I do the titles today, then I can do my laundry tomorrow. Right. I probably could bring my computer and do titles while I'm doing my laundry. If I was — but I won't do that.
121	It makes it really hard when I lose things. Even this morning, he knocked over my glasses. I had them on the dresser and he was trying to find them this morning because I can't see anything without my glasses. He was like, "Are you sure you didn't put them somewhere else?" and I'm like, "Yes, I put them in one of two places. They are in neither. I heard you knock them over last night when you came back and the lights were off." He got annoyed that I was blaming him and I got annoyed that he got annoyed for me blaming him when it was his fault. He eventually found them obviously because I'm wearing them but that was a stressful way to wake up.
156	My dad makes a big deal of his not being a native English speaker, even though he learned English when he was eight years old and has been speaking it since then and speaks fluently. I think he just uses it as an excuse, but with the written word, you can reread it if you don't understand and there's a wall.
218	Yeah, I am actually, yeah, yeah. Ok, so just so that I’ve got the story straight, this all began about 6 months ago, before that had you had anything like this? No, not at all, I mean, I think we had a new manager at work, I work in a bank actually, and then we had a new computer system put in and so it became very much more stressful for all the staff, not just me, - and I can sort of see I was under a lot more pressure.
1000	Were you ever worried about were you feeling you were getting really addicted or over your head? When we did it before class, I kind of sat back and reevaluated how much I was doing it and whether it was a good thing or a bad thing, and I kind of had this fleeting thought, like maybe I'm getting a little bit carried away, but I think because I couldn't do it every day and
1002	Alright. Keep journaling. If there's a specific distortion at some point. Any one of these that comes up. Something where you get overwhelmed with self-hatred specifically and it escalates. Write about it. Okay? Okay. And then bring it in and talk about it. Do you want Should I? I would love to look it over, yeah. Okay. Thank you.
1074	like my pinkie. We would have Jaime snacks, but I wasn't allowed to eat them.Jaime? Jaime, sorry, his name is Jaime, like James. Oh, James snacks? Yeah, like Jaime snacks. He would have Cool Ranch Doritos. I remember the Doritos and I wasn't allowed to eat the Doritos as much as he was. Because he was thinner?
1089	Right. You’re not going to the pub, you’re not socializing like you used to? No, no And you’re avoiding things like exercise and things like sex, and that’s having a bit of a taking its toll on your relationship. It is a bit, yeah. Ok, ok. And, looking at you. I know you’ve had an ECG. Yeah, yeah What have you been told about the results of that?
1092	How do I know that he really wants to be married to me if he doesn't know any like an idea of a type of career? Yeah. Or, does he ever want to go back to school? Does he ever want to, you know, own a house and things like that. Mm. Mm hm.
1093	Alright, thank you. Ok can you stop it.
1101	the things that you feel like nothing is going to come of this anyway? It is. And it's also feeling frustrating to spend like a couple of hours and all I can say is, "I looked through the job boards for this, this and this." Mm. "And there was nothing. And that time is gone and I still don't have a job." Mm. It's just, yeah, it's feeling daunting and exhausting. Yeah.
1103	I have a much easier time finding friends than James does and I don’t know whether that’s because I am – I don’t know – better at finding people or less picky about the people that I want to be friends with or whether it’s because I’m just positioned right in a way that James is not. I don’t know if the types of people who tend to do graduate degrees in chemistry are all that different from the types of people who tend to do graduate degrees in theology.
1159	Yeah, you know, usually there’s like, there’s some books out, and t-shirts, and sort of sci-fi
1209	And what we need to do is keep working until it's different enough. Yeah. That it's more recognizable. Yeah. But, yeah. I guess the other question is also like, 'did I ever do the whole like signing the waiver for you to talk to Dr. about the medicines. Um hmm? Okay. I thought I did. I was just double - I believe that's in your file. checking. Okay. I assume I signed it on her end too.
1212	But then there are also assumptions in that that sort of needs to be thought about. Yeah, and in this specific case, it wasn't so much like It wasn't so much that I thought she was suicidal in the moment and that anything I said might push her over the edge, but it certainly has that subjects related to my behavior in those time periods. It's more than So part of it is that since she's already made the or is about to make the call to
1225	it's unfortunate he couldn't step out to help you, but..." She felt like it went back to his...he and Ivan are more friends than anything which is...I don't know how I feel about that but I mean he was not at all able to be...it wasn't like an initial hysteria and then he calmed down, like had a plan. No... So he was hysterical on the phone? He wasn't like sobbing and...but he was really emotional and he was very clear that he wanted me to call
1307	You know that always brings me out this question of why are you here? Why do we do this? Like what…? Yeah.
1336	I think without a little, a drink or something to make this go smooth, I’m like, I need some form of social lubrication here, and being around a lot of really drunk people while sober is boring. I can imagine that exacerbating a bunch of things that already bothered you. Yeah. I mean being with them in the elevators was bad enough. I guess part of what I - What I’m wondering about is, in the medication, I mean... I’m, like,
1346	I pull up the index and sure enough, the guy who had the property died with a will, and all I need to confirm is this one person was the sole heir of the will or the person in the will to get the property. But it's in storage, the file is in storage. They're starting to put everything in storage now which fucks me because these are — typically the late 60s and 70s are when I need probates and those older ones, they order on Fridays.
1406	I'm actually especially sensitive to dirt when you have enough stuff on the floor that you can feel it on your feet, especially if you've taken a shower and then your feet are wet and stuff sticks to your feet. It's not a good feeling. It's getting harder and harder to deal with that. So those are the things that are stressing you out, those things that aren't the way you would have them, aren't really under your control because you're not going to take responsibility for cleaning his place.
1444	So that it wouldn't be something that you would need to sort of have on your mind and work toward. I see. It would be a given. Yeah, that's not a given. Yeah. And then the question is-which is I think a big question-but, you know, why not? Yeah, so that's one of those like really deep questions that I have a hard time grabbing.
1461	Did he call Ivan or did Ivan's mom call Ivan? Huh uh. No one called him? No everybody's acting like nothing ever happened and Martin was very clear on the phone, he's like "This conversation never happened, until you hear from Dr. Bourd.
1472	I am, Ok. - yeah, just talking about it. I can feel it starting to come up. Right, take your time. So, your heart starts to race, it really beats really fast and you feel like you can’t catch your breath, is that right? Yeah, that’s exactly it. How long’s all this been going on for? I think it’s probably about six months, basically, yeah. Right, Ok and can you remember what happened to start it all off?
1473	Yeah. I usually end it always. So far. Yeah. Well no, sometimes I’m miserable and don’t go. Yes, that’s true, but as long as you’re around - Yeah. You know, I don’t like it.
1482	Well, you have two months. I have two months. That's true. I've taken June off and I think that was a good call; but maybe I'll be regretting that decision the end of August. Perhaps between now and then, thinking about what it is that really needs to get done and setting reasonable goals in a timely way it doesn't make sense to pack up everything now. There may be things you need, but thinking about what needs to get done and what can get done.
1527	That was around lunchtime on Friday and I forgot about calling them. I was in the middle of dying wool. My purse was upstairs and my hands were covered with dye so I didn't have the numbers. Then by the time I was done with that it was after business hours so I had to wait until today. That was something I normally would have been able to remember and I would have done it. But you got distracted.
1578	Yeah, we dealt with this in several different conversations also in the sense that like this is definitely related to the of something in the sense that Yes. We're all going to die. What does ideal even mean in that context? Or bounded in the vastness of time and space and what sense does a small concept of ideal how does that fit there?
1626	"Oh, I can deal with this situation." And but then it explodes in my face. Or it scares me. It was scarier than explosives. It was more like I don't know it might change into a ghost or witch or something. And... Things are not what they seem. Yea. And then it was like a game. I don't know, maybe in a haunted house or something or not really because everything was bright and stuff. But then you go up close and then just kind of change. And I didn't know how to deal with it or was dealing with them for me. So yea.
1633	and then I remember I went to go hang out with my soccer friends and I was like, "I just tried cocaine and nothing happened," and they were pissed. They wanted nothing to do with it and they didn't want me to have anything to do with it. Throughout sophomore year, I never snorted cocaine around the
1639	I know you're having a lot of panic and it's really uncomfortable but I don't know how adding another issue on top of that is going to make you feel better. Well, it's not like anything I'm currently doing is really effectively managing the panic. That's true. You seem to be having a lot of trouble finding something that will abate what's going on. Like I've been on the reduced Wellbutrins and it's not. So this is like the sixth day of being on reduced Wellbutrin and like I can't really see much of an effect. Like
1641	The doctor you mean? Yeah. I'm just wondering if there's a way we can kind of get in to it more to see what you imagined it felt like. Aversion is such a visceral response. I can, I actually can think of it more with my father only because it was later. I was really young and I don't know what I really felt then. I know I had an issue as I got older with my father wanting to, you know, put his arm around me. Would you sort of move away? Yeah. I could feel the aversion. What would happen if you let him touch you?
1645	Thanks. Yeah. It’s certainly not the case for James and it’s certainly like every once in a while, we’ll have an explicit conversation about it where I’ll say, “James, this is how I work. When I’m having a good day it looks really different than when I’m having a bad day. I can’t see anything outside of my emotions” I think it makes things very confusing for him. It makes things very confusing for me also at times.
1773	Would you, if you had a theory about what would happen to me. Give me the answer you thought I needed rather than the true answer. That’s part of the question, would you lie to me. So I guess it has two parts to it. You wanted to harvest more; harvest. You’re doing just fine on your own. Oh, but I’m done. Those are all the things that I traced out to present.
1797	Yeah, that's definitely true. Yeah, I guess I'm still stuck on, can't know. Yeah, I definitely feel that my anger can be destructive. I guess I've told you before that I've... sometimes when I'm very angry I want to smash everything. I don't, but that's a control thing. I don't do it, not, I don't want to do it. So yeah, I feel like it could easily be destructive if I were to let it. And so that's certainly a component here, or it feels like it. But I'm... I guess I'm...
1818	Really investigating it instead of just, like, giving you a performance of, "This is what I should say to Debbie when she comes," really doing my own... Mm-hmm. Well, meaning that I in other words, if you give me homework,
1821	All right, all right. It is. It is really interesting. It is really interesting I am just I think the connections are slow going on up here, but I think it is... It is not. See what you just did? You were demanding you should get it in a flash. Well, no, because I thought that I was under the impression that, when we spoke,
1834	Sorry, I said it and I sort of saw you grab on to that one. I think you should and I understand why you would, but yes. But this doesn’t come there are not intense moment of danger, implying that. Yes, I know. Yes, so there are certain topics that like set Tanya off
1848	I mean, in reality, I guess I'm not doing everything. Sometimes he does things but I think, I still think it's pretty unbalanced. It feels a bit lopsided. Yeah. It's not like I take down and write every time I've cooked or he's cooked dinner for me or stuff. So... I could be wrong about this but I don't think I am. That's... Certainly it's the story that I've been hearing in here for quite a while. Yeah.
1862	But, today, I heard you, and and so we've just done what we've done, and you've gone, "Wow." Yeah, that is wow. OK, so what what did we just do? Did the work to find out what the thoughts were and discover... Right. So what stage is that? Oh, that is oh, that is that is disputing. Now,
1872	that's my point of giving up because I don't want to sit and wait for three hours for a website to load and wonder if the application even got in. So I don't actually... And then that one was posted on like the like Archives listserv thing anyways so a bunch of other archivists were also applying. So... I think it wasn't the end of the world not to apply for it. And it was... And it wasn't something that I was like really, really excited about. So...
1894	You know, just sort of frantically racing through my options, and if I do this, then this will happen, and if I do this, then this will happen, and these are the things that might happen; these are the things that probably won’t happen. Like I just can’t – I can’t come up with one where that doesn’t keep. You know, that the best I can come with is, things get better for awhile. Which at this point is not so bad. I have lots of
1899	she hoped that maybe now, Madison would learn a lesson about peeing in the bed; having to sleep in pissed-smelling sheets. And I was just like so horrified; so immensely horrified, like, “Sure, you want to teach your kid not to wet the bed.” And since Madison had been sleeping completely dry for like two years, like, it’s pretty clearly acting out, because she’s unhappy about the divorce. But the answer is
1907	But there are all these people with alerts at $100 so I put it in at $99, so we'll see if someone buys it today. Tomorrow is the last day. But I knew that was going to be my problem, selling the ticket when people want to watch the game. Right. You know, it's a 6:30 game. Right. Everybody is going to be in the same situation as you.
1931	In a way, the irony is, as far as I can tell, like that’s why we all have jobs, is because of the difference. So today is Ash Wednesday. Right. Which I don’t know how much you know about this, but I’m going to go to church this evening, and they’re going to take some ashes, and
1933	Mm hmm.So the new foster mom, her name is Kelly. And she’s, she gave birth to the kittens a week ago today, or a week ago yesterday. And like right before she was giving birth…like she started acting like really crazy like, you know, like she had been really nice and letting people pet her, but like acting crazy like if you stop petting her she’ll attack you.
1957	They won’t be able to get you any food, lets.... Ok, now let’s get back to this, this is important. - Yes that’s a good idea, yep ok. This is why I’m here to talk to you about this...- Right. Ok, to tell you what’s going on. Ok tell me a bit about this then.
2007	The one you signed here is a two-way release so she may want you to have one for her records, but you're technically covered. Okay. And, you know I'm happy that I talked more with her but you'd I think you do an excellent job staying on communication with both of us. A lot of times people are unsure about
2010	Yeah. Or Scheherazade. The Arabian Nights? Oh. I'll kill you in the morning? Is that right. Yeah. I mean sometimes it's been the kind of downer "this is your dirt cloud on a sunny day" thought and sometimes it's been literally the only thing that's kept me from doing something right now, but... You'll still have the option. Right. I can always change my mind about living tomorrow.
2017	I think part of it is that most people, not necessarily me, but most people will sort of tell you or tell you, an arbitrary person, the things that I wish they’re excited but won’t necessarily say the things they’re excited about that have been hard. That’s where I think this sort of idea that being aware of someone else’s troubles is an important thing because may or may not like come out with it, but they almost certainly want to talk about it
2031	Yeah. Do you know what I mean? No. Yes, it sounds accurate, actually, to what I'm feeling. And one of the biggest things that I, it doesn't feel fair to criticize, but in finding that our expectations, my expectations which he said were totally on board. Like he was on board with them. Uh huh. They were correct. Ah. He led me to believe this was all how it was going to be. Yep. He even can acknowledge that. Right.
2032	Well my mother died right after we were married about eleven years ago. Or maybe ten...it was right before I started my position with the accounting firm. My father passed just before we were married, while I was still in college. My siblings are both living and healthy. Do you think the counting and washing increased before you started your job? Well...yes it did. Before your mother passed?
2037	One was ridiculously long and the forms were all mixed up and not labeled with the name of the form. I finally found the form that said Customs Declaration. I spent time filling it out while people behind me skipped me in line to go ahead while I was writing. I finally get to the table and the guy is like, "This is the wrong form." I was like, "Okay. What form do I need?" "Go back and get the Customs form." It says "Customs Form".
2043	Yeah, I heard it. The whole thing. It was awful. And I was thinking I should go over there until he started sort of talking about me kind of, in a sideways way. I mean he is terrible at talking about something like that. His mom is ten times worse. The conversation was one of the most painful things I that I've ever listened to. And, I'm not sure anything came out of it. That's too bad. I mean it didn't end badly. It just kind of ended uncomfortably. How did Josh feel about it?
2048	"Don't you want to play?" She went, "Mama, mama, mama, mama." So I just sat down and waited it out. Luckily Jess was only ten minutes. It's hard being the daddy. Yeah. She doesn't see me often enough. How often do you see her? I haven't seen her since Saturday. Once or twice a week? Yeah, and not always for long periods of time. Sometimes she won't interact with me if she's cranky.
2053	And that may be what's scary right now is how little sense he has about the future. Mm hm. Yeah, it does not feel good, especially for someone like me who feels like they need to be in control. Of everything. Right. Sure. I feel like I have to have a pretty clear plan.
2087	Fine. This is all new. This is foreign territory. I've never done anything like this before. I'm doing everything I'm taking a risk by choosing this opportunity to benefit fromREBT in my life, because I think it is something for the better for me, but I don't have to necessarily get it or know it right away, or even in 12 sessions. It might take 12 sessions to understand it and then another, maybe, 12
2107	And also, among the other things in that statement, it’s like, so Cambridge students not taking the bus, not knowing how to get to a poor area of town, or areas where there’s black people... There’s a whole lot going on with that statement. And so I was thinking about that when she was sort of going on talking about some other things at various points, where I was just like, “But, how did you just say that?” So...
2127	It occurred to me this morning that even if I had stayed at Brown and James hadn’t moved us here, we would still be in this position at this point where I really didn’t want to do a post doc, so I guess it’s a little bit reassuring. It would still be tougher now. We are supposed to go to this party with most of James’s friends from grad school who are in the Denver area this weekend.
2140	But it would be hard for me to articulate. Nothing sort of comes to mind at the moment. It might. What do you do, while I am... thinking, over there? Hmm! Do, in terms of what I do think about?
2164	Yeah. Like it’s disruptive and it’s stressful, especially the kid starts shrieking like high-pitched loud wailing, and it’s just like it’s pitiful to be over there.
2175	When you’re this way, at least to me, it doesn’t seem like you’re kind of as possessed by the things that you feel or, perhaps, you what those things are. You’re talking about how it might be really nice to move, but I’m not really sure why. It’s not that I don’t believe you, but I don’t know what you really have in mind about the changes. I guess you mentioned that it might be easier to get a job, but I don’t expect that’s all of what you meant.
2193	...I'll nobody will really be interested in coming to see me. And if they don't, then...? ...I won't have a job. And if I don't, then...? Then I won't have any money. And then? I won't be able to afford all of my nice things. And then? And then I will be severely depressed and on the street. I don't know.
2195	Yeah, sometimes it almost is reinforcing, certainly the fear has its seed in there, and then he doesn't do that thing and so it sort of reinforces in his mind that he can't. He probably feels a little bit of anxiety relief when he avoids the thing that he's afraid of; but he might actually feel better if he could confront some of those fears and see that actually he is more capable than he believes himself to be. Maybe. I don't want to make those assumptions for him, though.
2235	You know that you're going to keep yourself safe, so you don't really need him to tell you not to do those things because it sounds like you're very clear that they are very vague thoughts that you're not acting on. If there's ever a point in time where you feel like you might act on them, then you need to tell someone because you need them to take steps to get to some safe place.
2296	And then what does that number do then? That number corresponds to numbers I’ve got on my, on my chart at home. I’ve got a big chart on my wall...- Right. - ...and I find that number - Ok. ...and that adds up to something else. - Huh. It’s, it’s, all there, I mean that’s, that’s, that’s really good, I’m gonna get one of those. What’s that?
2344	I'm not sure how much better I do feel, but certainly better enough to be out of the hospital. That's a good thing. Good. Yeah, that's a really good thing. Is your mind just kind of blank? Yeah, kind of. Has it been that way? I mean is that an accumulating thing? Is it being here? Is it...? It could be. I doubt it is, but I don't...yeah.
2348	I guess I feel like he has no clue and that's not something that is so acceptable to me. And that's another, where it's easier with my Dad. My Dad has never had a different career. Yeah. Like he's never been unemployed since he was, you know, a teenager. Before then, I mean he just never, just - Mm. Yeah. That's hard to take.
2367	Yeah, well, assuming not rush hour. But it's enough to stop me from just doing it. I mean, that also could be the... I mean, I have gone to my place for a few hours and dyed yarn. So... I don't know. I could apply for jobs when I'm at his place and dye yarn when I'm at my place or something. But as of yet, I haven't gotten a good system to motivate myself other than the, you know, I will apply to one job a week system which...
2372	You've got to do what they call a go-see-it where they went to the fire department. Something with your family. I think some of the activities they do qualify. Helping out the old folks and giving them cookies and make Christmas cards for them, you know. I think that's the community event. But stupidly I told him "Oh, you're going to get your badge."
2390	and was so down I felt like I had a good number of months but it was still teetering on like any moment, you know, there was still fear of course, I was traumatized by what had occurred, or I'll say it REBT way I traumatized myself by what happened but regardless
2391	is a thing that helps you feel better which is true and a nice observation. But he also then like brought that to our relationship in the context that like maybe she would feel better if she felt like she could take care of me which is definitely a thing that she says or believes or wants to do, which eventually to me,
2450	not knowing what your job options are going to be kind of leaves you feeling trapped financially. So the more places we can look for like well what are…what are the little choices that you can make?
10004	remember the first time I tried it was, it was like almost the last week of freshman year and
10042	Hello there, I’m one of the new physicians in the practice... First of all, what would you like me to call you? Oh, June’s fine, yeah. Ok. Right, so what is it that’s brought you to see me today? Well, it’s the same thing that I see Dr. Jones about, it’s my heart. Yeah, yeah, I understand that you’ve been in to see him a few times over the last few months.
10101	But like whenever we hang out, it’s just this constant stream of like, “I can’t write; I’m so blogged; I have all these projects; they’re all behind deadline; I feel so terrible; my house is a shithole. But no, don’t help me clean it, because I’m too embarrassed to let anyone help me clean it. But I’m just going to tell you about how miserable I am that it’s a shithole.” While we’re sitting in the middle
10104	how much I was exercising. So I was like, okay I'm going to eat more but I'm going to exercise more. It wasn't until I went abroad, to Geneva, that I really put the weight back on, because I joined a soccer team, but the season ended early, so I pretty much stopped working out, started drinking again and started binge eating. Not eating but just binge eating. Oh, yeah, binge eating.
10120	Yes, to the last part. I have... not a lot to say there, but I think that’s probably the place we should, the thing we should talk about. But thank you for the direct answer also. That was very interesting and it very much matches my experience of like... how you interact with me. You know, you’ll often say something like, “This came to my mind.” Which is... entirely consistent with what you just said, that it, you know... So thanks for sharing that. I appreciate now what’s going on.
10136	...to find out if there is some sort of stipend or salary or something that goes along with it. Yeah. But, you know, if you're not interested in doing the work... Yeah. ...and you wouldn't apply for it if it were a paid position. Though if something is a paid position, don't you think it would be to their advantage to be like, "This is a paid internship," because, you know, more people would be likely to apply if it were paid then unpaid? I'm not willing to speculate.
10144	No I'm not. I make my own decisions, I have my own discretion, but I think that when I'm feeling desperate I think it's more that... When you're making yourself desperate by telling yourself what? That I'm never going to be the same again and very many should's and musts and all those things.
10166	I think that’s part of it. I think those are all like important things and I am glad to have said them and thought about them. I think they are important. But none of them; none of those or any of the other things, many things that I’ve said on this topic actually get to like how did it come to be the case that I asked that question?
10168	The second thing I want to mention in relation to what you said about ten minutes ago, when you said that you feel depressed tell me: that is the cue for us asking yourself "what?" What or why? What. What would you ask yourself when you recognize that you are feeling depressed. What is the mantra when we recognize we're feeling an unhealthy emotion? That I'm a fallible human...
10182	Yeah, it was just kind of weird. Yeah. So, also, there’s going to be a whole week of this, and I had planned to be supportive and show my face and now I’m thinking “You know, I don’t have to do that”. Especially since, like, so there’s been super low turnout, and people in the building haven’t bothered to show, so I think I... Yeah, you’re done. Yeah. Okay. I’m going to continue thinking on your comment of was I just getting super critical because I was mad.
10185	do you feel like one makes sense of emotions in the same way, over time? Is there a different... set of... constructs or tools or... features about oneself that allow him to process emotional or emotions, feelings? I don’t know how to answer that off the bat. What do you think? It sounds like you had some thoughts behind, at, in terms of just even constructing the question as you did.
10194	As you're comfortable doing that you can scan your body again noticing any places where it might feel different than it felt before. No need to judge the feelings. No need to judge if it's the same or different. Just noticing it. And now just let yourself return to normal breath, inhales and exhales at whatever pace feels natural to you. And then let yourself return to the room, let go of your focus.
10203	And the sort of ... there’s a significant　downside of... like I am acquainted or passingly familiar or friends with a ton of people there,　so there’s, like if I’m sitting there talking to someone, there’s always a string of people that are　like “Hey, how are you, blah blah blah” and it was just like “Hello, but I’d really like you to go　away right now”. Or just, like, it was hard to just sort of hang out and talk to a few people　quietly. Other than like, my hotel room.
10224	But what...so what's missing? He would have a response in the moment that was empathic, it sounds like he would say "I'm sorry," but he wouldn't be able to be...to offer more of something? Is that what you're looking for? Like somebody who's going to? I don't know but I'm... Because nobody's going to be able to fix this situation. No, no and I'm not expecting a fix but what I'm saying is like I feel pretty overwhelmed and every day, truly yesterday
10263	Yeah, where you feel you have this fantasy that you're completely helpless. Fantasy? Yeah. "Oh my god, I have no fucking clue what I'm doing with the pinewood derby car. They don't give us much direction. The scout leader is kind of scatterbrained. I don't know if we have the paint to paint on wood. It's this Saturday, five days from now, whatever."
10290	It can't get much faster especially or example let's say Dr. Bourd says "Okay, Ramona wants you to get testing I'm going to come in and tell you you need to get tested." If he does that in that poorly timed way Ivan's going to say "What?" and never go back to see him again. So he's got to also pace himself even if he agrees with you that that's a really good idea and agrees with me even with psychopharm,
10300	when you were trying to apply for jobs. All the way from the beginning was that you were going expect something was going to work out within the first month or two even. Mm hm. Pretty much every single person who applies for a job in whatever field right now, the average time to get a job is six to eight months at least. Right? That is the state of affairs in employment. It's incredibly competitive. There are people applying for jobs who are extremely over qualified. There are people who are applying for jobs that then get filled internally.
10334	So then I was in this position of do I sit there and blunder about what's going on or I could tell him; and that seemed clearly less bad. But there's a sense in which it's not so much that he could handle it better, but it wasn't as painful for him, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, I think that's right. I think what I'm doing is just quibbling a little bit about your suggestion or I'm suggesting a way in which they might be able to handle it better.
10346	And he just keeps saying "I don't want that, I don't need that, I don't want that, I don't need that." No one is there to see that he can't do it on his own. But you don't let him try so we don't see what will happen if you don't do that. Do you know what I mean? But I mean Tuesday morning I woke up and we had warm food because he couldn't remember to close the fridge.
10435	with only supervised visits for her, because she’s not like – Christopher is also permissive, and doesn’t discipline the kid, but at least like he keeps his house clean, and the kid isn’t living in filth. Yeah.
10444	Now that I just, I'm like, I don't know. I'm already taking one medicine, so what's going to happen if I take another. I don't like all that chemicals in my body, I don't know. Does it feel like it's contaminating you somehow? It gives me that same feeling as when...
10466	Yes, so then you spoke to me, and I have to say thank you for that because it definitely helped in the moment when I was in this sort of state of mass hysteria, it definitely, I felt calmed after our talk and everything. Share now what it was that allowed you to change your desperation to calmness.
10479	"Oh, we're going to sleep at my place tonight," then it's like, "Oh, I'm too sick to go over," and then I'm like, "Okay, fine. We stay at your place another night and, you know..." It's a lot harder to motivate myself to go over to my place and dye yarn then to already by at my place and then dye yarn because it's a whole like fifteen minute drive to my place and then I have to drive back. I guess it's not that long of a drive but like it's still... It doesn't sound like a very long commute.
10483	How are you? I'm okay, I think. I don't know. I'm kind of not sure. I feel okay today. I don't know. I think I'm definitely kind of mildly depressed or something. I feel tired. I was just a crazy . . . I was already feeling a little off before all of this shit happened so . . . What was it like for you Friday? It was crazy. It was definitely traumatizing, there's no question.
10494	Yeah, because that was just like, I did this panel, I’m like “Oh, I hate everyone”, basically, and then I left, and hung out with friends, and then and it was more like, parts were definitely fun, and I did like, there are usually a dozen parties happening or so, and I didn’t go to any of them this year. I just was so, A) I can’t drink anything, but B) I just was sort of like,
10506	And if she does? And if you do, it is not the end of the world, and you'll survive as will I. No one is going to die... Probably. ...Because I was a couple of minutes late. We hope. Yeah, we hope. I'm joking. OK. You realized that, right? Yeah, I did. And then what was the second one was that I was
10525	like lowering the Wellbbutrin stops the taking more Klonopin. It's one at a time so, yeah, I guess I could call her and ask about the intermediate stuff of spreading out the Klonopin more and whether or not it would work because like, I think it's like you know low enough that it doesn't like cause me to be too tired during the day. I have been, I mean I've gotten tired lately but not in the morning when I take the Klonopin. I think it's more just like all the panic is making me tired.
10557	Like I don't really think that you would argue that you know using chemical weapons in Syria was a good thing or an okay thing. Oh, I don't want to get rid of the category, not okay. I certainly hope I didn't mean to imply that at all. No, I didn't really take you to be but that was what I was asking you if you left not ideal unbounded.
10558	Yeah. No, I'm just giving you shit. Oh. So, yeah. Yeah. No, I'm sorry, I probably should have — I know it's one of those things, and it's come up and I think we even talked about it before. Yeah. I think we have talked about it because it came up at the hospital or somewhere else it came up. If I missed it, I'm sorry.
10600	And build up the front. I don't know. He wants to put football stickers on it. I went to the Cub Scout store to look for some stickers, but nothing really jumped out at him. Except all the badges and pins and buckles. Yeah. He was supposed to get a badge, but there was a miscommunication among the Scout leaders and he didn't get it. Oh no. What does he have to do to get it? I'm really not even sure.
10619	and he's driving on his way to a call. Mm hm. But he's incredibly supportive. He was incredibly supportive when I was going to school. If I wanted to do another program tomorrow he would be ridiculously supportive of it. Hm. Not financially or anything. But he would just always want to ask about it, be encouraging.
10633	who's depressed. And the draining part, is it that you get little of what you need, or is it that being around that sort of mood or atmosphere brings you down? Yeah, I mean, I think those are related things. Yeah, I think it's not strictly fair to say I get little of what I need. I think maybe it's better to say I cannot predict when I will get anything that I need. Or when it will be like, no, having needs is totally unacceptable, or intolerable or something.
10644	He immediately came and asked me if he'd done a good job. Like, ‘I don't know.' The two of you. We may said some things without meaning to, like, ‘I want you to be taken care of when you're old and not be a burden.' Kind of like, ‘I don't want your problems,' some sort of to things and he tried to fix it but ended up asking her if she wanted us to take
10650	you know, volunteer there. I guess also the that we gave to her. So... If I see a job there I could like talk to the people but it's like until I see that job.
10653	I have a heating pad. Of course I wouldn’t know where it is. I think it’s one of the boxes that I haven’t gone into yet. Okay, so when it becomes available, you can try it out. You have a shower. Or you can run some hot water over a towel, put a towel in a plastic bag and lay that over your chest and it will be warm for a little bit.
10724	You said it would be better for James, although again I’m not sure why and I can certainly see how, if it would be better for him, it would also be better for you. It seems somehow it’s a little less clear to me so far. In some ways, I feel like when I’m doing well it’s very common for me to want to be doing something else, to be like I want to explore. I want to go someplace else and see what else is out there.
10739	or the difficulties; that they have driven like a negative valance. You know like knowing a lot of other pregnant women and how difficult it is and like kind of along that vein. And I was sort of struck by that.
10757	here's where we are. Were there particular vows that were especially hard to hear? So in the service they do this strange thing where they do a declaration of intent, and then they actually do the vows. And they're, like, separate parts of the ceremony, presumably to ensure that the person they're forcing to get married isn't being forced to get married. That's why they have to declare their own intent. It's all historical and kind of silly. And then that part... that's the part that contains the forsaking all others piece.
10810	it's like so, yes, the concerns are more dire then. I guess I feel like you made a statement and I mostly agree with the statement and so I'm not sure what to say in response. Yeah, I think that's an accurate assessment. It does not feel particularly free to say that I found this upsetting, not that I can completely hide from her when I find something upsetting but So are you saying 'nowhere to go' it's like you don't have any train of thoughts or you don't know what to do about it or?
10814	Yes. And you have the freedom and choice to imperfectly, step-by-step, work on creating a healthier inner emotional life. Yay! So dwell on what you didn't know and how you suffered or think about "I'm already changing myself at times, and I can continue to" your choice. OK. Yes.
10852	Have you ever been suicidal? Obviously my wife has been for a while and that has changed, radically, my view of her. I find myself unable, although that’s not strictly correct, to trust her. Unwillingly, certainly hard. And so it’s a sense in which the answer to that question has the possibility to shake me in some deep way.
10858	Right now you've got you way of expressing how badly you feel. Give it a shot. Don't wait until it's really bad. Just practice asking for the hugs even if it doesn't get that bad, so that we can train him to give that kind of support that you actually really want and let's see how that goes. Then I think we meet next week at the same time. Do we have the rest of July scheduled?
10867	whether I have like... suggested to you that I think what you do is random, because I don’t, I don’t that’s how I think about it, but...
10868	But Dr. Bourd's also going to have to find a way of bringing this up in ways that are palatable and manageable for him too and it might take some time to do that. So I might say to you if you can even, until we meet next, not bring anything up and I'm saying this, not going to work, your marriage is not going to work if that's what happens in the long run
10878	the perfect solution to your maladies, and that you're still suffering some physical consequences? No, no. Because you are...? Because I'm seeking out what to... You're doing... I'm doing something about it. Yes. I'm not just... There is no perfect solution, perhaps? There is no perfect solution.
10886	Is it that your time will help more on a lower dose of Wellbutrin? Not really. Like it was just step one, step two and then wait 'til then - Well, then that's why you're checking with her to see what - Yeah, it was just a week you know, okay so I did the, you know, switching to a lower Wellbutrin like a day or two early, but now it's been almost two weeks since the appointment with the week of the Klonopin, the week of the lower Wellbutrin. It's not
10924	hope, the willingness to continue to be gentler on yourself and unconditionally accepting, and at peace with you as an imperfect human being like the rest of us an imperfect human being who is blessed with many gifts, by the way. It is not about not enjoying your assets. Right. Celebrate them. Enjoy them. Right.
10927	at least a little bit. Having to acknowledge that this is hard or exists. There are probably a lot of other ways to tackle this metaphor, but those are my first responses. And do you feel that’s somebody that I would want to do to?
10930	I think that a lot has happened recently and more historically in your life that sort of, in reality, adds to the impression that anybody who thinks they have reasons doesn't know what they're talking about. Like it may not be. I'm just going to throw it out there though anyway and we'll think about it. So there may be times when your feelings are so intent and you come on, in your kind of subtle way, so strongly with them that you
10970	like one way our relationship is skewed. And then another is that like you just don’t talk much about yours. One of the struggles over the last several weeks is I feel like has been trying to, for me, trying to like take away the barriers to intimacy that I have made so that the ones that remain are natural in some sense of the ones that you aren’t supposed to like the ones I’ve made up for you to
10971	Sorry I'm late. I was wondering if today was going to be the day that — What's that? If today was going to be the day that I was on time?  Yeah. Good morning. Good morning. So Micah gave me a prescription for Adderall. Hmmm.
11013	I didn't have anyone to go to the game with so I sent out an e-mail. Now I'm getting all of these e-mails. Is it time? Are we done? Not yet. There was a lot of traffic, too. Does this feel like just something else you just had to do this morning?
11018	Usually I'm pretty comfortable being mad and critical at the sermons. I have been kind of the skeptic in the pew for a long time, but on this topic I'm anxious about it. I would really like this to mean something, but I just don't think it does. What do you mean by its meaning something? In other words, I guess one of the things that occurs to me is one sort of meaning, which is often the way we talk about it, is more like how does it work?
11023	it’s missing a piece, but that sort of how Tanya will fare in the future. If you take that variable out and say what if that doesn’t matter that much? I mean I is this the marriage that you want to be in now, and are there enough things about Tanya that you love and value? And are there enough parts of your moral system that you feel committed to that this is the marriage that you want to be in?
11048	Like it is not so simple as, "I should be a good student." It is, "And if I'm not like -" in other words, all the worst possible, putting it all out there in terms of what I really think, not just going by the books and looking at the homework of... So being more thorough in your expression of your irrational beliefs? Exactly. Mm-hmm.
11053	Yeah, I would have that diagnosed by a — you know, the best bet is a neuropsychologist who does testing or at least a screening. The second best bet is an actual mental health clinician. It could be a social worker, psychologist or psychiatrist. Way to poo-poo on her parade. She's had this appointment for six months. What do you want me to say?
11057	Yeah, that was I was intending to give reasons not to have that conversation in the moment when I'm angry, and she has like in that moment. You're first qualifying statement was not commenting on the time scale. These are reasons to have that conversation and that sounds right. And so I guess now we're at the point of needing to talk about the time scale because I think
11081	I guess. I'm not totally in touch with that, because I also feel at the same time that I'm lucky to have what I have and I know there are people that are a lot worse off than I am and I'll manage somehow. I may have to work until I'm 80, but I don't. I mean if there is anger about that, I'm sure there probably is, I'm not in touch with it at all. I'm more feeling. I'm feeling it more, I think, directed to Harold because I feel he has this opportunity and he's not really enjoying it and appreciating it the way I think I would.
11088	So the following week has been a little bit strange. So... yeah. A whole lot of people have been excited for me and congratulatory and all of that. It took me most of Wednesday to fly back, most of Wednesday to fly back last week, because when I booked the flights I was... A lot of travel. I had sort of thought that I would be very pleased afterwards. And certainly after I finished the dissertation and sent it off I had very like intensely peaceful feelings. That was really nice.
11091	It sounds like to feel comfortable in a place you need to hold out. I wonder if having a conversation with his roommates might put you at ease to know what they're really thinking. I kind of really don't want to because I'm just afraid what would happen if they say, "Oh, actually we are really pissed that you are over all the time." There's not much I can do about that. Well, you could ask, "Is there a way to make it more comfortable?"
11138	Well maybe that's a plan to try, thinking about what you say to elicit the kind of response that you want. I just figured it would probably be impossible anyway. Well, let's give it a try before we decide it's impossible. That would probably help. It sounds like what you want is some comfort, not an argument. I've told him so many times, "If you say that, that's not actually going to make me feel better. Can you stop saying that?"
11140	How did they do it? How do they ignore all the crap and do what they want to do? I'm always looking for that. But I also end up looking at, "Oh, they have this thing that I never had." That cannot I cannot do anything about that so... I mean, we all compare ourselves to each other all the time, right? Or that's like some people like me who are insecure do that all do it more often. I mean... That's true.
11175	Yeah. I just don't want to have to pay hundreds of dollars. It's not like I'm blind or anything with these so . . . like I've been doing this not being able to see things so, yeah, I could . . . His place is really hard to deal with when it's that messy, when I can feel the dirt on my feet; and I don't think I'm especially . . . he thinks maybe it's my OCD or whatever; but I don't
11187	That’s exactly what her mother did to her. So there are some real similarities between her and her mother. Some of those are presumed genetic and some of those are presumably, I believe like, angry person raises children and turns them in to angry people and they raise children and turn them in to like…the damage seems to propagate regardless of the genetics of the situation also.
11191	joke, and that was fine. I guess like I can’t it’s hard – it feels sort of hard for me to understand that like people can’t see that in me. Like that she wouldn’t have ever been around me in a context where like like she would know that that’s what it’s like. I don’t –
11200	light switch or a faucet handle. I usually use a paper towel to open things so I don’t have to touch anything directly. If I touch something and I don’t wash three times, then I am afraid that I will get germs that could cause me to get sick. I have fears that I forget to lock the door or turn off lights, so I will go and turn the lock three times and then need to wash my hands three times.
11204	Which means I think that that either he maybe was right. I mean because I too also wonder if you I don’t entirely – well, I wonder about the extent to which you feel like you’ve done something terribly wrong, or you deserve sort of maybe like really angry or punishing, because you will allow yourself to really be taken care of. And to kind of like
11211	That’s fine, and I’ll see you next week. Ok, thank you Doctor.
11255	it wasn't exactly what you said. So, next time, maybe just be a little bit more cautious before you start sharing information with people, that you think might be in their best interests but really isn't exactly what is the reality." And I was pretty assertive with him, which is new for me. So I guess, if I want to focus on what I did yeah. Well done. So, yeah, that felt good, actually.
11264	So that does one thing. And then like feeling like it's a burden to ask for anything is another thing. Yeah, if I don't distance myself from her, at least internally, then yeah, it is-it is-does impact my mood for her mood to be low. But then if I distance from her internally then we're distant in some sense. And that itself is like not necessarily what I want in a relationship. And I'm not saying like I want our moods to be tightly coupled at all times, but like isn't that a feature of relationships? Like shared experience, or something like that?
11308	I didn't mean to disturb your reverie. No, that's okay. Thanks very much. Okay. So I will see you in two weeks. Okay. Good luck next week at your conference. It'll go fine. I'm sure it will. All right. Bye. Sure.
11343	Okay, so basically all the stuff I end of fighting against. Okay. Yeah. And so cognitive behavioral therapy is what most people recommend for anxiety because it works for lots of people to manage the symptoms and you struggle against it but I keep sneaking it in there and I hope that at some point it will take hold for you and that you'll be able to get use out of it. But they're hard for you. Yeah.
11372	If we're just calling that basically seeing and caring about the life of another person. It's fundamental to every healthy relationship. Not something you need to get over. That's what you want to be a part of your marriage. And you want it to be reciprocal. That's what's different about it not being motherly. Right? In that place it's the mother's job to be that caring and concerned for the child, and for the child not necessarily, early on, to have to even think about how the mother is doing so much.
11383	Um hmm. Although the bottom floor of not ideal is really bad. Right. And I think I was more commenting that in listening to you, not ideal is often equivalent with not okay, or not encompassing a broader range. You may be right. You listen to me and you listen very, very well.
11420	think waiting for the next bad thing to happen is trauma.
11424	I see. I don't question it, but I take your point. It's your view that you're kind of doing it too much to him. I don't know how to evaluate that in a sense because, on the one hand, I know you're having a very hard time and there's been tough stuff at work, you're sleeping five hours a night. Maybe we haven't talked much about that because I don't remember some of that; or maybe it was a while ago and I forgot who knows. Anyway, whatever. The point is, clearly you're having a very shitty time and it certainly makes sense to me that that could lead one to dump more on their spouse.
11433	Ahh stuff that changes this mysterious brain chemistry. There's no way to measure. Things that you hear about on drug commercials and on TV and they talk about serotonin levels and norepinephrine, there aren't really ways we have to go in and measure what levels are or what the right levels are. It's an idea, but there aren't really these specifics.
11436	Yeah, if I remember. But I pick Ian up today. Jess's taking some knitting class or something like that, you know. She complains that she has no time to get work done and she's so overwhelmed and, you know, I don't know. But taking a knitting class in the middle of the day? She takes all of Friday off with Lucille.
11461	So, it's, I don't know. I can't. I don't want to know if I can say it's better. It depends. Some days better. Some days not. You know, I think the other thing is the feeling, the first feeling that I think I can get in touch with is anger and I don't want to, you know, feel it. I just feel like this whole thing with Harold just has, you know, built up in me for a long time. Just anger at him not feeling well.
11541	She's unhappy most of the time, and that... And I guess I feel like I don't really trust her to... at all. Like I just... I meant to say more there, but then that seemed like the appropriate place for a period. But that's not ultimately what makes you feel trapped. Because you're trapped by your sense of obligation.
11546	Now that and Aimee are gone, Aaron is on grocery shopping. There's maybe a box of pasta in the downstairs area where there should be all the pasta, so Aaron hasn't really been keeping up. Eating at my place would require a lot more planning and stuff and doesn't really work when I've just gotten home from work and it's like, "Oh, we have two hours." Yeah, that one is a problem. If I'm going to spend more time at my place it would probably be on the nights that I don't have work.
11563	Even in my own university, I was with him. And he and I were traveling together. So yea, I mean, in a place like India, it's a bit risky for a single woman to go about on her own. I mean, they do it all the time. But it's just like I haven't been there in a long time. So it for me, it's a bit scary. So it's nice that he was there with me. Yea, but how can I feel secure if I have if I'm a sidekick. Well, it's funny. Isn't it funny? It's ironic because he's there to make me feel secure. But then I feel insecure because I'm not the hero myself. I'm not Batman.
11605	think any suggestion of 'this is a thing that is contributing to your mood,' taps into that emotion. It is this pedantic? I think so. Yeah. All these things seem like great openings to conversations. Like, if she does feel like you're being pedantic, maybe there's information in that. You're being pedantic, taking that you
11625	It's hard for me to think about just the possibility that greater understanding wouldn't be helpful. I mean I feel like it's kind of one of the foundational principles of life that like knowing is better. Yeah, knowing will help. I think when it comes to this stuff, I think you want to think knowing won't help, because I think you don't want to know. We kind of know where a bunch of the bodies are buried at this point. I mean, there's a lot more to learn.
11626	Yeah. Nothing adds up. So, I just want to stay away from it. I must have read four-hundred pages in the last twenty-four hours. Mm hm. And in other ways understanding doesn't necessarily help. So... It's interesting. It's distracting sometimes.
11630	On a very basic level you can't control for all the factors that will upset her. And I appreciate your saying, well, me speaking is upsetting her. So I can choose not to speak, which is different than other things which seem more out of your control. But I think as a general approach in your marriage it's untenable, on so many levels, not the least of which is, the pent-up anger will just continue to grow. Right. Right. Yeah, I hear you, and I think you're right. I just don't...
11635	I’ve been suicidal all along. Like for the past few weeks. But not as suicidal as I was when I was not on the Seroquel. So I think it’s helping. The past few days, what, when you say suicidal, what does that really mean? How long have the thoughts been, what level have the thoughts been? Was more like I was kind of really sad, but usually like not that long. But they weren’t just like instant and go away. They were like maybe like five minutes or so.
11651	Okay. 2:30 on the 19th. Okay. Those are both saved in my calendar. And I will see you next Monday at 2:30 as well. This is your. Okay.
11684	I think that’s why people come to therapy in general, or sort of the frameworks they have for processing it are not working. There is too much new experience to incorporate and it’s not fitting in with the, you know, the... pre-existing constructs. It’s not simply intellectual, it’s emotionally, one is overwhelmed by the information. The information can be feelings and it’s not just facts
11688	Not in like I portion control or I make food the night before, but I spend all day thinking about food. Huh. I'll wake up in the morning and the first thing I think about is okay, what am I going to have for breakfast and when am I going to have it, and then what am I going to have for lunch, and if we're going out to dinner, it's like okay, what am I going to have for breakfast and lunch
11723	the least it's been, I'm taking steroids and doing all these things and so I phoned you on Friday evening because a friend of mine when I was explaining what was going on and just sort of giving him the low down he proceeded to tell me that I was too young, he says I'm way too young to have a herniated disc. He's a medical doctor?
11821	I didn't want to bring in that I'm seeing someone intimate but I said one of them said that it might be helpful for Ivan to get some kind of evaluation to find out what's going on and maybe even a pharmaceutical evaluation and just...I told him didn't know if he was aware but Ivan
11838	that foundation of just having been given to, lovingly given to. Just knowing that's part of the way loving relationships work. I think this comes up a little here with me too. But what if I were to give you, in a way, as a metaphor, a second session and help you and say, "I want to help you. I want to give this to you. I want to take care of you. I want to help you feel better." I think that's disorienting for you. Like you almost don't You're used to being, having the
11855	I know you sort of, you’ve pushed on that idea before, in suggesting that I... perhaps undervalue the extent to which the people who are doing things are doing them for a reason. That might be true. But... So in that instance, another thing that I found very frustrating about it was that everyone sort of goes through the same sequence when they meet Tanya. So it was like... they hear her story and they... seem to start constructing essentially a similar sequence of theories,
11861	"No wonder I'm, you know, kind of really impatient and ready to move on, be done with it." Yeah. And so I sometimes think that. Yeah. This example, I think, is a little complicated for good reason. Yeah. That's what you're bringing up. So, for example, I hear you also in what you're describing, "What if this never changes?" is there's still a lot of anger. Mm hm.
11886	I think trading off who gets their way might be a compromise. You get your way this time; I get my way next time or not eating together.
11949	Well, as we're driving out there I could just hear in Jess's voice when Ian called her that she didn't sound good. She's like "I'm throwing up, I've been throwing up." Oh.
11963	So you're feeling really irritable? Yeah, irritable, anxious, a lot of the anxious/anxiety uncomfortable feeling. I'm not crying non-stop, so I don't know. It's like when I had depression and I knew it was depression sophomore year I was crying non-stop and it was this big feeling sort of like a cloud over me, but it was more of a physical feeling. It was there pretty much the entire time. That's not really there.
11982	Oh, fun. So I can see Melanie. So, I will be gone a week. Okay. So, I will see you in two weeks then? Yes. Okay. Great. Take care.
11993	about some of this stuff for the first time in his life and my guess is stuff he's kept bottled up inside, mostly hasn't been put into words, will start getting put into words. That's all good stuff. Dr. Bourd is an excellent therapist, he's probably one of my top three therapists in the entire city who I would refer to. He's outstanding in his intuition about people.
12006	Yeah. Not for a long time. I didn't drink in high school. I definitely wasn't one of the popular kids who got invited to the parties, and so there was a couple times that my friends' parents would go away and we would get some beer, you know, and hang out at her house. Compared to what the other kids were doing, I was a really good kid in high school. I smoked pot for the first time when my younger brother gave it to me, the night before I went to college. He was hanging out with the cool kids in my grade, but when I got to college I started drinking a lot.
12014	but I can recognize them as they come back or something? "Come back." Meaning that they were there but they are buried. Yeah, I don't think that I ceased to have desires. I think I ceased to know what they were, but I could be wrong about that. Maybe I just stopped having any desires at all. I'm not sure. At some point I don't know that it matters like in a practical sense that I can't find them so they might as well not exist.
12027	Right. I don’t know. I was like, “Where are you,” I don’t know, “looking at?” I don’t know. But, yeah. I don’t know. So, yeah. So, yeah. Now, I just don’t know really what to do, because I—I don’t know. I don’t know. I live far away and I feel like he needs someone to push him a little bit because he’s feeling low. I don’t know. And getting job isn’t completely—I don’t know. I don’t know. But .
12040	And some of that is related to the deadlines and so forth. But part of it is I have a difficult time estimating how long something's going to take. Sometimes I do things like this, where that should not have been possible but I did it. So that makes it harder to estimate the next time how long is that task going to actually take. I have no idea how long that task should have taken now, all I can say is that it took a whole lot of work and I did it in that. So there's that piece. There's also I didn't want to reschedule it. I didn't want to because
12074	in what's getting clearer in this family system though is that you both have had sets of parents who've kind of reinforced these ways of being in the world and to find that Ivan's dad for example, here's what his son wrote, a suicide letter, and doesn't want call him,
12129	think thinking outside the box is a good idea. But thinking about pursuing a different degree that you're not interested in seems like a little bit much of an investment. Yeah. Just wondering if... Well, I don't know. I just also don't think I'm... Unless it was a PhD program that had a stipend I don't think I could justify going for another degree because they would cost money
12138	Those two I asked in particular because I had been thinking, I think the day before, I asked them; like so I’m anxious about asking those questions for, you know, reasons about me. Not about like asking too much if you…those questions, I sort of was wondering are there any questions to which the answer might fundamentally change my view of who you are or my view, my experience or my understanding of you? And so those were the two.
12145	number one wasn't even accurate and number two is in the scheme of everything that's going on it's almost, you can look at the ridiculousness of the way that he was speaking to me that he was...Oh because he did say at one point
12154	to up the level of impact in your daily life. His mood swings. This is where I also think like even if you're not going to separate spaces right now how to start develop some space for you even if you're going to be living in the same space. How to say you won't then spend the evening together, you know what I mean?
12179	I need someone. To do what? Maybe to listen, maybe to say at the end of the day say like "Oh your husband told you you're going to get a divorce, that's really..." I'm sorry, this is so stupid. It's not stupid Ramona. It's not that big of deal I'm just a little...I guess I need someone to say "That's really difficult, I'm here for you." Just something or "it must be really tough to listen to him say how hopeless it is and keep going but I'm here for you and I hear that and you're not crazy
12206	My mom was depressed and has issues. She’s never been treated. My dad is fine - no problems. No other medical issues that I know of. Was your husband physically or emotionally/mentally abusive to you?
12249	need something. Something structured for the two of you to do and reminder for yourself that even though he can't go out and go for a run or go for a hike or go for a ride with you, you can still do those things. It's important for you to do them. Have you done restorative yoga? I think I could get him to do that over meditation. He doesn't do well with sitting like in total silence around other people. Stillness.
12309	That's sounds great. And then we'll go back to Wednesdays. Okay. Okay, great. Okay, take care. Have a good Christmas, okay. Thank you, you too. Okay, take care.
12314	I think little things like I know it came up yesterday or the day before and now I can't even remember what the example was, but it was something normally I would have caught and didn't Are you forgetting to show up places where you're supposed to be? That has not happened. I'm still good at scheduling all the things. Do you find yourself losing things?
12334	I couldn't do it every night, because I was an athlete. So, you know, I didn't Tuesdays and Thursdays we had practice, and Friday nights we didn't go out, because we had games every Saturday morning. So it wasn't like an option for me to do it on soccer days. I was still as much as I liked to party, and the same went for pot and the same went for alcohol
12371	Okay, well I'll see you next week, then. Yeah. Oh, I brought my consent forms. Oh, great, thank you. Sorry, I meant to give them to you at the beginning so you could record. So now that I have a regular appointment, you just bill at the end of the month? Exactly. Great, thank you so much.
12385	That is not it. That is not it. That is not it. Yeah, it is very clear. Is it clear it is what you add to that? Very clear. All right. So what is the next step? So then the next steps so hold on it is the activating, it is the event, then it is the recognizing those beliefs, and...
12402	I don't know. I just thought about it. I don't know what made me think of this, but when I worked at Walter Reed hospital it was with kids, like 12 kids, and one of them was borderline personality disorder. You know, you spend your whole time there trying to develop relationships with them. She was obviously very difficult. One time, you know, I asked her what was going on and one time she actually told me and it was like I don't want to know. Okay. Thank you. I will never ask that question again.
12419	the existential stuff that I feel. It's just all absurd and random. Things happen. It's overwhelming. And yet, you also feel something when you think about the good outweighing the bad. No, definitely. That has an ethic and a meaning to it beyond "life is meaningless and we could all die tomorrow." No, no, no. It's not a "life is meaningless" thing. It's more, I think, just a melancholyness. That's
12435	Yeah, I don’t – none of my friends are happy and it sucks. I really miss Ashley, and I realize that part of it; well I mean, part of it is just that you know, I’m still half in love with him, and part of it is, you know, the physical and sexual aspect of the relationship. And certainly part of it was, in spite of knowing intellectually, that he was really depressed and miserable, and has been for quite awhile, he fakes being okay really well.
12444	And I think that was when she told me that her sister was bipolar and that like it had made her start to wonder also whether this was a thing that was going away or whether this what this meant. And so we both sort of sat with that for a moment and she was okay, I need to talk about something else. That’s too much, so we did. Tanya can’t do that. The sitting with it, the
12450	out to Oregon, just aimless and disassociated. I can imagine that, hopefully, on a smaller scale and, hopefully, caught that's kind of what we're here to do and help you with but I can imagine that being a piece of what's happening right now. You have enough
12479	if it doesn't take forever for me to do stuff at the bus stop like walking around for a bit until Sydney is out of his therapy today. Yesterday, actually, in the evening I walked for a half hour. I intended it to be a small trip and then I stayed out for a half hour. I was walking for most of that.
12482	Yeah, it's funny, because last night Kelly came over and we just hung out at home. It was really nice, but I don't know what it is, I just . . . It's like there's a part of me that just wants to retreat and just wants to be alone. I just don't know.
12497	And even that. And that was – yeah. Actually, I didn’t say I was upset about what had happened, I said that like I wouldn’t have chosen to share that much, which is not the same thing at all. I feel like my problem is really bottling up emotions; this isn’t going to help very much. I felt the same. You must feel like this means you’ve been right.
12516	Which was everyone's worry, right? He didn't say it to me or talk to me about it, he goes to my friend and then my friend was like freaking out to me after on the way home asking me why he would say that to her and how upsetting it was. So then he basically did a similar thing recently and I know he's not terrified about my brother's relationships. There's nothing terrifying about that. I mean, maybe he thinks about it but the only one not terrified of relationships. So But he can't tell you about it.
12543	I think in her case she feels like she ought to do something but isn't quite clear what it is. And that has set up some sort of guilt cycle that prevents her from speaking to me except when she's really drunk. It's not... So I guess, in thinking about the whole thing, if this were a weekend where they were all coming... because no one's life is in a particularly wonderful place right now, and everyone was like, let's just leave everything behind and have a really good time and focus on these people who are getting married, I can get behind that in some sense.
12559	But then they reject people. And one of the guys they rejected because he was upset that they that people mispronounce his name. I don't know. Well, yesterday I was feeling really, really horrible. I was walking around the streets crying. Just I just and I was actually aware of what I was doing. I was thinking of and re-thinking and re-thinking the same things. And I was feeling so victimized. And like what we talked about having that narrative constantly debilitate me.
12574	I'm hoping. I'll be upset if she doesn't, if she doesn't go, "Mama, mama, mama, mama." Stand up in the car seat and go, "No." Is that what she does? That's what she did to me. Wow. She did not want to go with me. When we got home she literally stood in the driveway and was going, "Mama, mama, mama, mama,"
12576	Yeah, sure. And I kind of whacked him on the head, you know, and he's kind of sensitive. Same thing with his bicycle helmet, you know. He starts crying when I do it, but for me it's just habit. You see a helmet, you whack it. The instructor accidentally bumped into his head when he was sitting down, and I could tell he kind of whined a little bit about that.
12582	it is like feeling as though – kind of like it’s going anywhere. And I imagine part of how that works is, probably that there’s something it feels like; I know you may well be missing about what this feels like to you to be listening to them. Like it’s – it’s exhausting, and then guilty for being exhausted by it. Yeah.
12600	it takes longer to process individual things. So I think... those two things happening at the same time... play into it and maybe makes sense in this context where... one way of describing why I’m here is that I can’t process all of what’s happening or happened, so...
12627	feels this is very stigmatized and he's very disappointed in himself if that would come up. He made that very clear. I said "I don't know if there's a way that you could somehow approach him and let him know that you guys support it and you don't...you know, there is no stigma and it's healthy and good..." He really couldn't get that maybe cause I'm like "I know you told Ivan at one point he needs to be on antidepressants," and I said "Maybe you don't do that?"
12671	And I have to believe that the truth is helpful somehow. I’m serious. Sorry, I wasn’t laughing to dismiss that. Yes, that’s a viewpoint that I am committed to also, but I don’t always feel So
12673	I don’t really like the alternative either. How do you think there are no good options? Yeah. The only thing in particular that I can Yeah. But have you been thinking of doing it yourself? Mostly
12686	These are a lot of really kind of mildly annoying things, usually, really ramped up and in one space. Way too much? Yes, like, way. And I wasn’t really usually I’ll start out at Convention and be like“Aww, guys. You’re all over the top but that’s okay. Teenage girls in Dalek costumes, that’s great!” In what? Um, Dalek costumes from Doctor Who. Daleks are these evil robots. Okay.
12698	that are mixed are going to be a problem, but maybe if I spend a day dying a bunch of yarn and using up all the mixed dyes then I can make that more packable. That sounds like a reasonable thing to think about and maybe setting aside time to do that dying. It is reasonable up until the point that maybe those colors might not all go together and then if I have to mix up other colors, usually I end up with more empty containers than I started with. I guess if I was really purposeful and don't care if I make really ugly color combinations, I could do it. You probably care about that, though.
12703	Okay. A little, actually we started a couple minutes, so it's seven minutes. It's so interesting because in some ways it's sort of making explicit, "Here's what I need to be taken care of. Can you do this thing?" And not only can you do it, but can I take it in then? What is it like when this need gets met? Have you thought of anything?
12738	Like I just want to hide. I think you might worry that I won't react well if you hide for a little while. Yeah. And then I'm going to say something to you that puts some other demand on you or limitation or burden that you can't bear. No, not really. I just don't really have anything to say. I don't worry too much about you. Mm hm. I don't know.
12765	Yes. It was actually last winter. It was why I fired my previous therapist. There was another time since we had been meeting where you'd opened a cabinet. Was it before we met? Yeah. I probably told you all about it. Right. I'm confused because I thought you had fired her because of how she was about some of the stuff you were talking about.
12781	Okay. So to me they seem like different processes but Okay. I don't know maybe that doesn't feel right. Maybe they. You know, I do a lot of research and so the process of search and the process of
12786	Yeah, so when asking questions and thinking about it, I had a desire to tell you that I feel sorry for dismissing that experience and also to tell you that I was sorry for your loss if that were the case.
12806	Manchester Hospital. Mental. You could pretty much just walk in. I mean, I don’t necessarily mean walk in and get an immediate appointment, but walk in and get treatment. Sometimes pretty good treatment. Often by trainees, which is what he’d be getting, I guess, where you found. But as you say, they’re either and hopefully well-supervised. And sometimes, the people supervising and running those clinics are really very good. Sometimes not, but I guess that just expands or elaborates your thought with it, along similar lines.
12812	So that was Monday. So you didn't find out that she wasn't taking it Until she I found out she wasn't getting any. So it wasn't I did not need to do anything to get her to get it. It just was a 'why on earth have you not been doing this?' And I understand how one fails to do errands like sometimes you get busy, sometimes you don't feel like doing whatever particular errand I get that, but this is not an errand of the same magnitude as getting butter or something.
12826	And then in to the actual process of sending applications. I think I mentioned that in chemistry, almost all the post doc, positions, want to just send applications to people. So you noted that I like to construct rules to govern my environment or something. That particular feature is a strength in some areas
12835	it made me think that I didn’t really like that question. And my not liking…but the reason that I began to be more focused on you is that my liking or not liking a question should not be the reason that I respond to it. So it wasn’t that I was…I mean maybe it seemed like I was becoming defensive. I didn’t feel like, you know, defensive per se.
12874	You'd have to look it up. They usually post that information somewhere on the website so you can check that out. Get a sense. I'm not saying count your calories because I would prefer that you be going by whether you feel full and do you feel like you're getting a good variety. Sometimes it is informative to get a sense of how many calories is a donut? How many calories is a coffee drink? Sometimes you might be way off base from what you're guessing.
12876	But it's not working because I have tried...we have basically two rooms, we have the bedroom, we have the living room/dining room, we have an open kitchen and the bathroom and the patio. So what do you want to happen then? What are you hoping someone will tell you to do? I'm hoping that someone will...I don't know. All I know is I really need more help because it's really exhausting and really like... What is more help look like? What kind of help do you need?
12902	And more, it sounds gut wrenching. You know, I mean, And there’s something very parallel that seems like also characteristic of the way that this is disturbing. How old is Yvonne’s kid? Like five or something? Five, or six or something like that; yeah. I mean to see a kid that age, and sort of that vulnerable and out of control. Yep.
12954	Listen, or listen and believe? Both listen and believe what they say and if they say something that sounds, like if they're a very highly intelligent person, even when they're not highly intelligent, if they say it with conviction it's like I sometimes tend to just feel like it's the word of God. Like if you are saying this then it must be the case.
12959	That’s exactly it, and what’s released to allow you to do the fight or flight response is the adrenaline, - Right, so when your body needs you to get ready to do something, it surges out a load of adrenaline, and the adrenaline basically gets you ready for action, right, so it does things like it gets your heart rate up, it gets your breathing speed up, so that you’re ready to run, it can sometimes make people feel as though their mouth is dry, it can sometimes make people feel a bit lightheaded. Are those the kind of symptoms that you can get?
12965	and that you're going to not want me to come back, and that you're going to be finished with this because you thought I was being irresponsible that I wasn't here as I should be more responsible, because I because I arranged to do the session with you. Mm-hmm. So, first of all, were you aware that all of those assumptions are selfcreated, by you, because...
12967	Yeah. What I might have caught as well, probably not, but I think I get what you mean, that like, there’s a lot going on there that’s reflective of her point of view. Yeah, and also since I’m already familiar with the subject, basically ... it’s quite possible that if I was less familiar with it, although a coworker of mine did comment on the bus to Roxbury thing, without any prompting, so. Yeah, the more I think about it, that’s really...
12974	I don't know. My mom will deny this now, I think, but Jaime remembers. We were laughing about this the other day. I just have a slower metabolism than he does, and I feel like as a girl growing up, I was just a little bit you know, I had more weight on me. So I started sneaking things, yeah. Do you think your parents knew? I don't know. So where would you get the food?
12981	I mean, I'm sure when Lucille is around he acts differently. Clearly whatever she has, he wants. Whatever he has, she wants. He's fighting for my attention when she's playing with me. Yeah. When I have him over, he's downstairs playing with and wants to watch America's Funniest Home Videos. Yeah.
12989	Then I have no marriage left, I have no...Ivan is, things are going to get worse for him. I actually think you'd have more likely to have a marriage that would get saved if you could say "It's not my problem," more. Because he will also have more likely of a marriage he's going to save the more he can say "It's my problem, I got to do this, I got to own this."
13044	c) in e-mail at least there's a record of what is said; d) dad has a hard time understanding me because I don't know he says my English isn't clear enough for him, that I talk too fast and use too many big words, even though I make every effort when I'm talking to him to speak slowly and clearly. I don't find you particularly difficult to understand.
13061	A, that's not what they were doing, because it's not like they're normally dealing with their issues, so it's not like leaving them behind is a change. And B, David's approach to the weekend was to try to mend fences with all of his siblings who are not... someone's always fighting among his siblings. There are, like, six of them, so to... so it's...
13066	I don’t feel like I know if I was feeling more irritated just from jump because I’ve been feeling more depressed, or if I’m feeling more irritated because of medication, or if I was feeling more irritated because I’m obsessed with or concerned about feeling more irritated. I mean, from where I sit, on my hunch it might be the medication. Because it seems to me there are other times you’ve been really pretty low.
13075	that's how avoidant he is. That's how much he sticks his own head in the sand, you know? That's extraordinary, tells you not to confront him about it and this is how much things got pushed under the rug in this family and still to this day he can't be a responsible, appropriate parent around. An appropriate parent would have been to call him and say "I need to let you know I know this, I'm so concerned about you, what can we as parents do to help you with this?
13089	In that same situation Tanya would not say anything until it was like until she was already overwhelmed by whatever negative feelings there were. That’s not helpful to anyone. Not that it’s not accepted to be overwhelmed by feelings but that like… It seems like you’re really important observation is interesting. So I think that’s a large part of what I mean about like intense moments of danger,
13110	Shawarma sandwiches and French fries, and just sit down and go to town. When I was younger, maybe it was or I would just have extra meals, I feel like. I remember these girls, these good friends who I played softball with, who were twins, and they were really overweight too, and we kind of like, we'd just like go to this 24-hour deli. We'd go in there, you know, like after we'd already had dinner.
13137	And then also the whole getting out of the house and having something to do. So there's a lot that would change if this works out. Was there anything you could write a cover letter for this week? I mean there was the thing last week. I haven't really tried this week because I've been, well there was the whole going back and forth with the temp agency and then the whole panic thing, so. So that got in the way even of being able to -
13138	been that long since they've been here? Maybe I'm misestimating. So I guess Amanda was here in February, so that's been about six months. David was here maybe in March. So... maybe April. One of those two. So four to six months, yes. So it's been that long since they've been here. They've been in touch with Tanya and talking with her, which is good, but essentially not communicating with me at all, which
13143	And, yet, it was easier, in a way, because I could be proud of his, you know, great education, of his incredible work ethic. The fact that he owned and ran his own business completely by himself. Yeah. The fact that he was coming home, you know, at an ungodly hour but he just delivered a, you know, new something or other. He just saved some animal's life. He just did some crazy four hour surgery. Hm.
13144	no regard for there is a past or if there well, regard for the past, definitely, but no regard for the future. But I think my thinking is opening in that direction a little bit. And I actually do feel like or a sense that oh, I guess I'm sad right now and it feels awful. But maybe I won't feel so awful in a few hours or in a few days. I don't know. That's quite a change. Is it?
13156	People do a lot of re-interpretations which is usually fun, but... I sort of never had that, “Oh everyone’s really jammed in and kind of crazy and annoying, but I still love you” moment.
13158	When I think that way... And so when you take the pressure off yourself, do you feel differently? Oh, my God! I feel completely different. So is this something you'd be willing to... Yes! ...Keep doing? Yes, absolutely. And do you see how empowering this is? It is. It is. Because it is you being the master, or mistress, whichever you prefer, of your own emotional destiny. Yes.
13178	He does get along . . . I don't know. Probably also in the summer, because the kitchen is hot, the living room at least has the fan. I don't know. I guess he's less comfortable eating in the kitchen, so if people aren't in the living room, then it's fine; but if they are in the living room, then it's a problem and then if he's also too sick to go out or something, then we just have to wait. One day I made the compromise of eating in the room, but I really don't like doing that. He thinks I'm kind of crazy for not eating in my bedroom and I spent my whole life pretty much
13198	Like you need to get a regular sleep schedule if you're going to try to get out of depression and... But like, you know, so there's sometimes he thinks they're right and sometimes he doesn't think they're right. And... Whereas I usually think I'm right. Because it's not an isolated incident. It's a chronic feeling of not mattering sometimes and... Yeah. That's a really tough pattern that you guys are stuck in because you can't change his behavior. Yeah.
13221	I don’t think so; I think really more of what something is there like he was conveying a lot of like sort of theories about it, and I feel like I mean, one of the problems that I run into with James, is that like I’ll tell him about something that
13240	I'll have a drink tonight, you know? Or, I'll let myself go get a fancy sandwich or something, you know, like I don't know. So it was always, I still kind of had them separated. In retrospect, I think my exercise and eating habits maybe, were more out of control than my cocaine habit, because they kept spiraling further and further. They were constantly...
13251	Now he’s like, not giving her the password to their joint account; like he changed the password; won’t give it to her; drained it; put most of the funds in a private account for him. And like, he’s been a total asshole, and she was trying to negotiate with him and his lawyer on her own, and like she has screwed herself over financially, and even though she has legal counsel, I’m like she’s not going to get as much financially as she could have. yeah
13289	people that will use that according to their own agendas in ways that are very hurtful. And the other is that that becomes your agenda which really hurts somebody else. Yeah. So if this awful, why would I want to share that with anybody? But I think I mean it doesn’t seem like
13295	and horriblized, and it was lucky when you called that I was available for that time for us to talk ... I'm very lucky.
13310	To me it seems like you don’t need as much help bearing those things or maybe any – by contrast. I guess I can also see in a way how you are feeling like being well, if I’m thinking about how to tell people about this, it’s because I want to spread it out into the world or put these bad things out there into the world. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. More something like you’re looking for some help with how bad you feel.
13316	That's not, that's not... The question isn't, "Can you get me a job?" The conversation is, "Hey. I... Remember me? We worked together at blah, blah, blah," if that's how far back you need to go or, "Stopped in. Just wanted to let you know I've been looking for a position in this field. Thought I'd let you know in case you knew of anything."
13320	Yeah, I know the diagnostic criteria. I'm a little skeptical of some of the sorts of questionnaires for this kind of thing, but whatever. The bottom line is you try the medication and if it helps, that's great. If it doesn't help, then stop. Well, I told Jess and she was like "Well, I suspected it."
13342	I feel like that's the kind of thing that, with taxes and social security, if you do they'd be able to find it out. Now I'm just sort of like I think I can do my current job with the depressed amount I feel, as long as I can get myself in the car and drive to work and drive back. If I start working slowly it means that I'll be working at probably the level they had expected me to work at in the first place, so that's okay. I'm not sure about applying to other . . .
13343	I also found out that it turns out that October-ish one of the generic producers of Wellbutrin produced some bad batches. That was right around the time that I was having trouble with the Wellbutrin. I don't think if it's enough to know whether that would be worth it to go back on Wellbutrin, especially because the Desipramine works with panic stuff and the Wellbutrin doesn't.
13370	I'm kind of trying to talk about anxiety and I feel like I've been trying to act like it's not as much of a big deal as it is, but it's just really devastating for me. I feel like it's crippling me. Uh huh. I'm so scared. Uh huh. I don't even know what I'm scared of, I'm just so scared. Yeah. I think some of what you're scared of
13381	that’s about how I interpret the world... but I also feel like, one of the things that you... sometimes suggest is that I interpret the world... for lack of a better word, incorrectly like, I have not ruined this conversation in any real sense. I’ve perturbed it, in the sense of... every time one of us speaks, the conversation is altered, but that’s the meaning of conversation, so...
13442	And not about, "I really want to talk about this." Sort of like almostAnd I understand there's-they're not completely untied. But it's not about you and what you want and what you need in your session and what you're going to talk about today. Yeah, that's interesting. It's like you being here for me, rather than me being here for you. Um... I certainly don't think of the session that way, so.
13448	No, it really didn’t. I mean he was like oh we can take –because we still have some boxes like my parents came up over the weekend and helped, but I still have some boxes and don’t really have a place to put them. So it would have been too hard to move everything out in time. So if you got creative, what could be a choice that you could make? That doesn’t feel like a choice, having people over. But is there something else you could do? Maybe to celebrate belatedly on another day? Probably yes.
13485	don't have time for this type of thing". That was her attitude when I am good, she is nice, and when she disapproves ... I think I see that in me now but it's like I have to put on this sort of facade that everything's great because that's the only way I think I'm going to get... Rewarded? Rewarded, yeah. Well, now at your age? Yeah.
13493	were going to be denied services, because they’re not really sick. And she has to restart the whole evaluation and diagnostic process over with a new therapist. I was like – She’s got a lot of horrible circumstances going on, but like she spent any hour telling me about she’s an academic failure, when she just got tenure. She’s deeply depressed, like borderline suicidally depressed, and I don’t really know what I can do to help her, other than encourage her to go find a therapist of her own,
13495	He's going to get more depressed. I don't think anyone...I can't talk about anything that's going on that's wrong with his behavior or anything that hurts me because it sends him further into shame and guilt and depression. I'm not talking about wrong with his behavior, do you hear the words that I'm saying are "I'm terrified." He'll feel horrible about that. That's his problem. No it really does become my problem because I need to take care of him when he is writing notes and making threats and sobbing through church because we're going to get a divorce.
13513	I think you were incredibly deprived as a child of what you needed. But I think adults need that too and that's actually what you hope to find in friends, in partners, still in one's mother and father. Right? Even as an adult. You've asked a number of times, "What does that actually look like." Lacking of all models, for example, about what does it look like when a healthy married couple is doing it well? Mm hm. And I think
13586	And at the office, if I don't put things in the spot that they're supposed to be, I can't find them. So I used to get pissed off at Jess because she would lose her keys and I would always be like "Well, I never lose my keys. I never lose my wallet. I know exactly where they are. I come home and put them in the same exact spot every time," you know.
13589	Yeah, especially since I found a place so I'm not even worrying about that. There's a little bit of move-date parts that are stressing me because I've tried two companies and one was going to be for September 1st like $248 an hour with a six-hour minimum, which was going to be over $1,000. I'm pretty sure my move can be done in three-to-four hours. The company that I did end up going with,
13610	But, yeah. If you called outpatient psychiatry at a hospital in the area, they could probably just tell you what’s offered there, as well as where else you could go. Because that’s probably a referral they have to make a lot. Right. Yeah, I don’t know anybody who practices out there who I know firsthand. But if you get stuck, let me know. I can probably find somebody who does. Okay
13707	Send the least scary e-mail and, and it doesn't... You don't need to beg for a job. You want to start at the reintroduction. Think about it as a reconnecting and just letting people know you're out there. You're out there looking. You're not asking them to do a specific thing for you. You're not expecting a particular response.
13741	How did you manage to do that? How did you focus your thoughts enough to be able to make good decisions and drive safely? I don't know. I guess I was sort of focusing on the road but like you know there was still that underlying uncomfortable feeling inside me that was anxiety and like it was very much still there and I was aware and like, 'okay, I'm driving this car while I'm panicking.' So I don't know how I did it, I just did things because I had to. I think that's usually the way that things happen to me so that if I can get anything productive done it's like because it has to be done.
13755	and I'm kind of wondering if we really should because this week he hasn't been walking around staring at this heart looking depressed, but I'm not sure why actually. But he gets into a period of doing that. Well, meditation certainly wouldn't hurt. You know when we do the breathing exercises and the mindfulness that's a type of meditation, the same
13769	I mean... In some ways, I guess I have felt like that. Maybe if I go to parties with him hosted by his friends or his faculty and just watching and waiting for a cue from him where yea. Or in India is when he was doing his research, I was just following him. And being with him made it easier or navigating a foreign city. He would know how to navigate the city. Take an ottoman stuff.
13781	And you don't need to weigh yourself very often. You could weigh yourself once a month, just being aware of the choices that you're making. You have your goal of one yarn box . . . For Friday. For Friday. We're not meeting next Monday, I think. It's the 1st. I have us not meeting that week and then meeting the week after, which is the 8th, at 2:30. Okay. Okay. So we'll set another goal that day. Okay.
13792	Jessa You can continue to practice the attitude that your mother modeled for you or you can stop that crap. Your choice. Since you see clearly now that your mother's behavior was not healthy.
13809	Like, you’re not staring at me like, “Okay, what are you going to say now? It’s your turn to talk.” Whereas... in some ways that’s the gaze Gerard has. I don’t think he... I think he both realizes it and does not realize it. It’s the gaze he has after he’s asked if there are questions in the class
13810	it's just that pediatricians do 900 different things, you know, 50 of which are mental health. I guess that's why I am I'm saying. Well, I imagine it's not a regular pediatrician who is in there for cold and flu and swallowing magnets. Right. I don't know who referred. It might have been her own therapist or whatever. Yeah, you know —
13822	Because when I do feel the depression it's not usually from thinking about any of those stressors, it's just from nowhere. Nothing that I can think of is actually triggering it. Maybe there are times where I got more upset, like when I got upset with Sydney on Wednesday night about the "now you tell me that your housemates don't want me around as much instead of listening to me months ago;"
13835	he's really driven, successful, smart. Right. Yeah. And he, compared to most of my friend's parents, nobody's parent worked longer hours, nobody had more education that my Dad. Nobody. I felt proud of that. I do think that's okay. I think that's a healthy thing to feel proud about. I guess the other part that made it feel okay was the thought in my mind
13850	I don't know. They pushed the pacemaker before. They didn't bring it up yesterday. Maybe he just didn't want to go there. I don't know. Josh talked to him about stem cell trials and I thought he was kind of out there but the doctor was like, ‘sure.' I don't know, I mean it won't kill him yet, right now. He's still healthy and strong enough that it won't kill him unless he has an extreme stroke or something. Is that more likely? Is that the risk factor for him?
13855	You sounded worst to me actually than last week. Yeah. At first, when you said about feeling freer less dependent, like putting stuff out there, I wasn’t sure good thing coming from it we talked about last time; it doesn’t seem that way. As we talked more, it seems more like you don’t care - I don’t care. In the way that
13985	Well, I wonder... were you going to say something? I'm very curious about what you wonder. I was just going to say it's also... I mean, I can't really even talk about it with her because she doesn't remember it. So it's like, how can I hold her accountable for something she...? I'm in a position of power in a sense, of I can say, this happened, or, you were this way. And how can she rebut or comment? So it's like I can't even, I don't know, address it or something.
13993	You're booking this trip. The schedule is determined by the flight from L.A. I was like, "Okay, fine. We'll book the fucking flight from Boston to L.A. Give me the contact info for the travel agent." He didn't send it. There were three e-mails in a row from me to dad saying, "Give me the info for the travel agent so I can book us from Boston to L.A." Finally he said it's such-and-such travel agency.
13999	Not well, like physically, that I'm not feeling good. It is not that it is OK... OK, it is not OK. ...But it is not desirable, but it is the way it is. And you're taking medication. It is the way it is, right. Aren't you? Yes. And...?
14007	And Franco's friends. And it went really well and I felt better while we were there. But I really didn't want to go. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, I really do want to hear the reasons because that wasn't really a rhetorical question, and I feel like I want to know. And in other ways I feel like they're not going to give any reasons that are good enough. Mm hm
14028	No. So what she does for you there sounds like part of a healthy even sisterhood that that could exist in a way that's not a problem at all. It's healthier if you're doing that for her sometimes too, if it's reciprocated. And it sounds like she has a hard time taking that in. Mm hm. Mm hm. She does not, no. So that might be the growing edge of your relationship with her
14031	Right. So then you have to sort of wonder if I weren't there what would happen. Something would happen. I presume these organizations would not fall apart entirely. If I hadn't been here, what would have happened? I think Tanya's family would have come up and handled that or she would have killed herself. But then we're getting into if I weren't here this whole situation would be radically different anyway.
14043	I think you can relate to that, just, it’s not as sort of, you don’t hold yourself to the kind of rigidity she does. Are you confused by my comment on it? No, no. Meta-confused. We’re doing something different today than we usually do. I’m pleased by it, though, so... Oh. Well, how do you mean. What are we doing differently?
14061	you actually are decreasing your chances of getting a job. It's just a low hit rate. Right? Like imagine the pigeon hitting the And every three hundred times, one in three hundred, it's going to go off and you'll get the food pellet. So if it stops pecking it's definitely not going to get the food pellet. But it's very, very, very, very infrequent reinforcement. And I think that's part of what's happening. You're used to doing something and something happens.
14076	the treatment implications are pretty straightforward and there's not a big cost in any way associated with them, so you may as well try. Well, she thinks that Ian has ADHD and she's meeting with whoever it is tomorrow. Whoever it is, like a mental health provider? Yeah. Okay, as opposed to — I forgot the name or title — something. I've got it here in a text. Developmental pediatrician.
14091	And you don't think that way." It's like, well, I wish I could be just a little bit like that. Will I always be insecure? Or will I be able to feel a little secure in myself? You're not sure. Huh? You're not sure. No. Right now, I'm not. Because you're feeling especially insecure?
14137	and bad about not having done it and I feel angry and that's not a useful kind of combination of emotions for us to have a conversation. And so if I were to wait for a little while before bringing it up again, I can be less angry and she can be less guilty and maybe we can actually have a conversation in which the like factual piece that she has to do this in a more timely fashion can be discussed.
14171	She lost her mother. She hated her father because he was cheating on her mother and she blamed him for her mother's death. She had a brother who died. She had a brother who was mentally retarded. He was bitter and jealous of her and now doesn't talk to her. She, she knows all the right, I mean she, intellectually,
14181	Well, we walked in simultaneously. Timed well ... So if the bus was late... Could you control that ... And I said oh, don't even do that. All right. Just get to the "shoulds." OK. "Even if I'm late, which I wasn't terribly, then..." Even... "Does that make you a terrible person?"
14224	Hello Jessa. Hi. I want to hear whatever you're wanting to tell me and also I'd like to know about the homework but before that, a few days ago we had a quickie emergency session didn't we? Yes we did. It lasted about thirty minutes or so. I was not able to record it at the time. Would you mind sharing what happened, how you felt, what we did, what you did and what happened afterward? Sure.
14229	You know I actually think that you being pregnant is a good thing. I’m very happy for you and hopeful that things will be good for you and. It sounds like it’s given us an opportunity to talk about these things. So thank you for that particular way of phrasing it. But I don’t think so. I actually…thank you for indulging me talking about these things while you’re pregnant. Indulging sounds so trivial, for a lack of a better term. I’m not doing it to indulge you.
14255	for doing the car, doing a good job, and somehow that would be normal? I don't know. Is there something else? I'm not sure. Just kind of something beyond my comfort zone, you know. I don't have really good woodworking or painting or any time of skill that requires making something using a tool. I guess I sort of think that's the same thing again. I hear what you're saying. you're not sort of, like,
14273	and that there should be one answer and that one person is right and that they have all the answers, and I know deep down that that's not it but when I get into certain situations that tend to come up for me where I feel dependent upon what somebody says or doesn't say, so it's like taking
14289	Some things I end up in charge of because I want to be, speaking much more generally than like this specific illness. There's a graduate student advisory council in Ohio in the department of Biomechanics that I ended up being co-chair of. I didn't want to be on the committee. I was elected while actively campaigning against myself.
14320	Well, it is not less difficult right now. Can you accept that? No. Yes. If "No" then stay frustrated ! All right. My mind goes to this other place when the disputing comes. To which other place? Oh, I know "Jessa, you can't dispute it because it is too hard for you, and you should be better at it." Hello.
14436	Yeah. So you sound like you're at your whit's end Ramona. If your saying you can't not let some of these things go for a month, do you know what I mean? That this is that important? For example, what if you were to separate? I don't mean divorce, I don't mean we're in a separation I just mean living...you went and lived with your sister for a month or something like that or he went and got his own apartment for a month?
14443	The words are horse, basketball and car. Do you often feel suicidal and can you recall what exactly triggered the attempt last night?I’m not suicidal. Sometimes I cut myself to feel the pain and release it. In the past I cut too deep, but got stitched up. Would you be willing to see the therapist again and try the Dialectical Behavioral Therapy and a new medication? This is the help I can offer you today.
14445	Hi, I’m one of the psychiatrists who work here in the Department of Psychological Medicine and you are? Elizabeth, but everyone calls me Liz. I have spoken with your physician, Dr. Green, and have read his reports and know some of the things about why you are here today. However, I would like to hear from you why you have come to see me today.
14516	that would be one thing. Or the kid was incredibly anxious, and just comes out of the bed every ten minutes, because they’re, you know, afraid of a ghost or something, and they sort of are gentle, but firm, that’s different. This is not that. Yeah. I mean it didn’t sound like they had anything. No. And that – yeah.
14557	Right. That's the adaptive part for you. The down side is that your feeling those things could draw you closer to him. I know. I understand. That's why I'm here. I guess. Well, maybe I say that because that should be a question. Maybe you're afraid those feelings will actually push you away. At least the anger part. What do you mean?
14564	I felt just like I was doing something that I wasn't supposed to. Or I was doing something that people I don't know might find weird if they knew about it. Or not like it or something like that. But yea, it was freeing. I don't exactly know what it feels like to feel free. There's a lot of anxiety attached to freedom, I think, for me. So because I'm doing something it feels like I'm doing it for the first time. Or I don't know what it's going to be. Yea, what is free what is it what do you mean when you say, "feel free?" I don't know.
14572	From over here you balked at it. I’m sensitive to particular things. So, I asked if this was your first pregnancy and you sort of…that was the moment at which you disengaged from directly asking questions and started, I felt like, harvesting more defensively. You were more reluctant to answer some questions. That is one that I believe that
14604	We're you panicking while you were doing that? Or did the panic sort of subside a bit while you were active? I was panicking while I was doing it, you know, and still panicking when I was at the theater and like adding photos above the yarn things to put up on my store and panicking, you know - when I was sending e-mails and stuff and I guess I didn't do that much, I did some productive things. I guess I went grocery shopping but that was before the panic had started. And, oh, we went to the store and I was still panicking then and we drove home.
14616	...Is the depression. OK. So what I've reminded you is, when you recognize an unhealthy emotion, the mantra or the question to ask yourself is, "What am I telling myself to create this?" Got you.
14639	The words you said don't create depression which usually comes from adding should or musts, for example "and I shouldn't be that way" .... Umm... I think...Everybody else is fine and I'm not. That doesn't create depression. I'm lost. I don't know... because that is really what I think.
14640	Yeah, so that's not actually as bad, but if I'm doing more specialized things where I need certain colors and I'm thinking about doing that before I move . . . I guess if I'm doing it soon enough . . . I don't know. I guess the worst-case scenario is only a quarter teaspoon of dye that I'm using in each color thing, so if I had to put out 15 bins of different colors and rinse them out it wouldn't be that big of a loss.
14649	Yeah, so we were visiting our friends last week and you know, occasionally like the question of, 'what do you want to do?' and I found it nearly impossible to answer that question. I always find that something of a difficult question because I feel like my needs need to be balanced against some sense of group needs which I think comes from having four siblings and having a strong recognition that we all have desires like from an early age. But usually I find the problem, like where's the balance or something like that.
14652	That’s why I don’t feel good that I’m not allowed to be angry about that. Like, that sucks. So that’s what I’m learning. Yeah. And so when I take James’ mom out, she’ll have very much and hold very much; our
14689	And I don't feel good about that. I feel like that makes me this horrible, snobby, demanding, critical - Hm. Because I guess when, I feel like when you marry someone it shouldn't be, "I'm marrying you because I know you are a lawyer or a doctor." Or, you know, like, "And you will always earn a good living and have a, you know, fulfilling career that will last you until retirement, that you feel satisfied with, that earns good money, that is secure, that you're passionate about. Mm hm.
14722	and let’s go out for dinner. But, you know, then she’s like, “Well, you know, Madison only sees me part of the time, and I don’t really want the babysitter, and Christopher might use that against me in the divorce proceedings.” She’s worried that Christopher is going to try to get full custody of Madison with only supervised visits for her. Frankly, I kind of see her point, and if I were Christopher, I sure as hell would want full custody
14737	Yeah. But I think that like I’m sort of trying to revise, because I think that that’s like what I’m upset about, but it’s clearly not why I’m upset, if that makes sense. Like I – I think you’re right that it’s some sort of
14751	Well, and you see that perfectionism in Tanya, although it typically manifests more in relation to herself. I mean, she feels it most acutely, and then most dramatically when she feels she’s falling short of being perfect. But the issue of perfectionism is definitely like,
14762	Or I feel like if I tell her then she will have to deal with this, too, and I just don't want that. I think that's it. I guess part of me is like I'd rather be alone in this than having other people hurting like this; but I also sort of want other people to be there with me, so clearly part of me wants other people to feel like this and I feel bad about that. Somehow it doesn't occur to me.
14793	of the thought is that which I shouldn't be, which I must do. That is it is the clincher thought, like it is it is the one that ties it all up in a neat... Creates the depression, anxiety, and the... Yes. So dispute. OK. Let me see. ...Should have called me. I should have called you. And not doing that...
14806	She made him do this like ten-week counseling program to try to repair their relationship anyway. And I tried telling her like, “This is not fair to him. Even if he’s wrong about calling you abusive, and I think he is, and even if he’s being a kind of a dick about this, if he wants to be out of the relationship, he gets to be out, and he doesn’t owe you an explanation.” I’m like, “It would be nice if he did out of respect for like the ten years you were together, but you know, he
14842	Taking her, the leaving. It was sad. Yeah, it was just a terrible day and then at night Josh had a talk with his mom and it was a really painful conversation to listen to. I'm not sure He didn't even talk to me about it. He was like, ‘I'm going to go talk to her right now.' Do you know what he which things he addressed with her?
14855	You know, there could be any number of reasons. I don't think it's that he's not around you enough not to know your buttons. He would learn those pretty fast. When he does come over he does spend a lot of time downstairs running around, so he gets a lot of his energy out. They're so loud. I don't know. I'm very much speculating here, but it sounds like Jess is sort of on him a fair amount and worries about him a lot; and he could be kind of pushing back.
14880	Yeah, I understand that. I certainly don't experience the totality of our sessions like that. But there's something in you that feels that way, and I imagine it's related to Tanya, I imagine it's related to a lot of things. Yeah, I mean, I don't know whether it's related to Tanya, or whether they're like both related to the same thing. I think it's more like that. Right, right. Yeah, right. I meant it that way.
14885	It depends what I'm using it for, then again, if it's ugly there are some people who like really weird color combinations that I don't like, so as long as someone can use it. As long as it appeals to someone in your audience.
14897	It might make you feel less anxious because it sounds like a lot of times the anxiety is stemming from not knowing if he's going to be able to follow through on a plan and feeling dependent upon him. Even though you don't need to be dependent upon him for that, it kind of sounds like you kind of feel like you are. Not for that, though right now I'm also looking at making socks for him. There is a skank of two colors
14915	So he ended up taking more like four AM or whatever instead of two AM or something and like it was at least a two hour time difference if not longer. I think it was even one AM that he could have taken it but like, you know, he's acknowledged that he's like, you know he's told me before that he wouldn't do it again and he does it again. It's just like so frustrating. I'm like, "Why do you keep on doing this?" Because he's like, you know, being so immature. Like he doesn't want to face the day or whatever. He wants some alone time right now at like really late
14923	I wouldn't say he's happy but he's not miserable. He's kind of acting happy. Poor guy. I asked him why he was so happy. You did? Yeah. And he said ‘I don't know,' because I think he's got more perspective. I don't know he just seems happier. So what happened in the appointment? What did you hear and learn?
14944	Write a cover letter. Yeah, I mean I used to have like you know, I get out of here and my thing is at 12:30 and it'll take like maybe 20 minutes to get down to the downtown crossing so I could theoretically like look and see if there was one thing to write a cover letter for but the deadline would have been for This is true. But, since I have you here today I thought I'd ask. So I have not actually been looking for things, yeah, but I could in theory write one cover letter, maybe, if there's something there's probably something.
14946	direct answer is, I see what happens. Not just like, what happens between us, I see what happens in me, where my mind goes, what I’m feeling and then try,
14949	Guardianship? Stewardship. Maybe. I don't know. I think that's a thing to grow, to regain. And I really, I think that doing that in a normative, higher emotion is a way to work towards regaining that mode of interaction. Yeah, my thought on that obviously, whatever you want to do, you do. The issue at hand is you've felt for so long that you've had to bracket your needs for the sake of Tanya and in a sense felt a conflict that your needs, if they don't, maybe not to say, undermine her needs,
14965	can't take anything, so I'm just not because I'm focused on that right now. I'm focused on just like trying to get through having really bad cramps and not being able to take any pain killers for it, that maybe I'm not so I'm like... It's weird, but it's kind of nice to be having a health situation that I'm familiar with.
14990	Merry Christmas. Oh, thank you very much, same to you. Take care. You too. Bye. Bye.
15000	what we did. We went and had dinner and went to one of their apartments, and I gave them the drugs, and that was in that moment, I was like, I'm never doing this stuff again. I tried to do it once more when I went to Geneva, a couple weeks later, for my semester abroad, and while I was in
15014	But know that they're just assets and, essentially, with or without them, you're acceptable. If you make mistakes, the mistakes may not be permanent you can work on changing them, but you are a person of worth bottom line, full stop. That would be a good, healthy view to work on having more of, more of the time. Thank you, Debbie. Yes, Jessa. Very helpful. Homework
15019	She got in on Wednesday and then left Friday evening, so it’s kind of a strange time period but, she was on spring break from the teaching job that she works at. So I think that the most salient piece of that is that like I think there’s two pieces of it that in terms of preparing for Candace to visit, you know, cleaning the apartment, converting the room that we have a table in to a room
15032	Like Lucille when she starts soccer she'll be much better than when Ian started soccer because she's already been kicking around a ball. Lucille's another year-and-a-half; it'll be twoand-a-half years before she can play. Instead of being cranky sitting in her little stroller, at some point she'll become more wanting to play and run around.
15068	or do things that would make our life easier, but, you know, he's like going to the doctor's all the time and not feeling well. All winter he basically has been, said he's sick. Sorry. He did go to the new psychologist and he did change his medication for depression that he takes. He was talking Wellbutrin and something else.
15070	So I'm taking 100 at night and 25 in the morning. I think she's trying to get me on that and the Prozac and that's it; maybe the Klonopin. I don't know. As needed, which is all the time. I don't seem anxious when I go to bed because I fall asleep on the couch and I wake up all discombobulated. Good. Hunh. I mean not the discombobulated part, but... But not being anxious. Yeah.
15092	Yeah. And I guess... My dad sent to me the e-mail. It was like, "Oh, give your resume to this person. Her husband might have, might know things about a job." You know, thinking about my dad I was like, "What the hell?" Like... But I didn't say anything. All I did was wrote the person sent her my resume and told her like, "I'm his daughter. Blah, blah, blah..." And she said she would send it to her husband. I don't really know what kind of job. Like a lead on a job.
15109	Like I said, it was very well framed and I'm just, yeah, those are the I don't know, points in the distance in some sense. So then I think something like that and how it's helpful and freeing and then I think about the question or the it will occur to me that that was the right thing to say, if such a thing exists.
15115	Is there something, a change within your life, or a trigger that occurred that you recall before the symptoms began? Are you having any distressing memories that keep coming back or maybe a situation where you feel scared or really want to avoid? Well I have just moved back to town this last year with me two young daughters. I am living in my grandparents’ house - they have both passed.
15124	His vitamin D suggestion is something that he pulled off the fucking Internet. It's not something that came from a doctor and the number of bullshit snake oil, fix-your-life remedies that Dave has tried because some of the quantified self people did it on themselves are you familiar with this phenomenon the quantified self?
15132	That's what happened when you were 20. If horrible, horrible things happen, your whole system starts responding as though you're there for survival and waiting for the next blow. It's not about, then, forward thinking and productivity and planning and being a pro-active person. Reactivity is what's important when you're in trauma for safety, so I could see also this feeling as you look down on yourself that you're not
15141	this week yes, but not usually, no. Right. Yeah, not usually. It's not I mean that one experience with coke, I'm not surprised that it it's like apost-traumatic stress reaction. Yeah. It's like someone goes to war, and you hear shells and then you hear a car alarm go off and you get -
15190	you suggested I have a tendency to despair. This... Go ahead. You agreed like you were going to say something. Well, that abol , that the disappointment slides into that. Yeah, I that’s right. And so, you know, I’ve been working on it. Describing that as a thing that happens is, has been helpful and also you... we spend a lot of time talking about things could be non-ideal
15228	that feels better. And here am I going to hurt you? Are you going to hurt me? As you've gotten close to people you've gotten hurt one way or another in your early life. You know that comedienne, Margaret Cho? Do you know what I'm talking about? She has a think on salon.com
15247	Without insurance to get a, I don’t know, consultation. I don’t know. Just a lot prices are outrageous. I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know if it’s because he’s in Miami and they have all these fancy, I don’t know, recovery centers or something. I was like, “There’s got to be something else.” I don’t know. Right. A community clinic.
15250	And then I try to think about the other things since that's not going to go anywhere so I want to think about something else. Yeah, I think I'd like uncertainty to be bounded and I think that's more or less the correct bounding on uncertainty. I certainly don't know where we'll end up or where I will end up, but yeah. The space is marked in some way or something.
15288	attack while I was high on cocaine, totally possible, because I can't really separate the two. But it's that same feeling that I get when and it happened a couple nights ago too. It's been hard for me to start eating again, because for a month, every time I ate, I got really sick, because I have an ulcer.
15304	making a ton of money and working all the time, so you never saw him. Yeah. Like, in other words, like your father. Yep. I would certainly imagine that you would have a problem with that too. That's the weird thing because I hated never seeing my Dad. I got to the point where I didn't want to see my Dad because I was so angry at him that I was never going to come first. Yeah.
15313	Michaels. Sure, Michaels. They have a whole pile of derby stuff. Sure. That sounds ideal then. It's mostly about spending time with the kids, doing something together. something fine. What's involved? Did they give you, like, the parts of the cars and you have to put together or... They gave you a block and some wheels.
15356	Your family does not know about this abuse from your cousin? No. No way. I told a counselor once. I can’t tell them because all it would do is cause pain for the family. It’s over and done and I just want to move on with my life. I have just separated from my husband and want to move on with my life. Do you know about family history or any mental illness or other medical issues?
15361	Tell me what's new? I'm feeling pretty proud of myself right now. I woke up this morning and I was really not doing well. I slept two hours later than I meant to because I'd wake up and I'd be like, "I can't get up. I can't do this," and then go back to bed and set my alarm for another half an hour. I'm sure James really likes that.
15406	Carl made the 911 call for the ambulance. According to your file, you attempted suicide before. This was your fifth attempt. I’ve been in to have my arms stitched up and stomach pumped a few times. Nobody cares. I wish someone would help me! Maybe you’re the one. I am here to help you. Can you tell me about your past medical history, your family history? I have four kids. Oh my God! Where’s my baby? Where is she?
15433	after like years of working towards it. But she feels like a failure, because she hasn’t published enough papers, and she had to step down from like some leadership position in her department. And she’s going through another divorce, and her kid is severely autistic. Because her kids’ therapist had been embezzling the insurance for like six years, the government decided that all of his therapist patients
15445	Yeah. Like your mom makes it about her. I have like a tickle. That’s okay. Well they each have sort of agendas that feel very destructive or hurtful to you. Yeah.
15450	So it’s like in the last couple to three weeks even, I’ll be like in this awful place, just totally miserable and desperate and kind of crazy-making and then I go to do something, usually it was something for church, and act like I’m okay and after about a half hour somebody will ask “how are you doing?” and I’ll be like “oh, I’m great.”
15458	But of course it also assumes that work is something that doesn't take, you know, would take enough of my brain, because I was just thinking like if I'm at work like especially now that I like finished the actual project I needed to finish, like if I'm just coming in to like do whatever, like I don't know, like Tara is very talkative so if I end up wasting time and talking to like Tara and stuff
15497	And he woke up in the middle of the night feeling like he'd just been shocked. The second night and that was really scary and didn't call the doctor and I was like, ‘oh my gosh, take less drugs.' So, and again now that I think about it he's been dealing with it fairly well. I just kind of I guess, haven't been too rough on him, been bummed out about it all. I don't know. It sounds like he's got some sort of perspective that you haven't had yet. Maybe it's different to be the patient versus the one watching the patient, your
15498	been getting either one of those. It's not that he's the opposite of your Dad and always there for you, always catering to you. Buying you flowers, figuring out what you need, you know, putting you front and center. And he's not that successful here. So it feels like both realms - Yeah. It does. you're missing out. And I think that's what has been really disappointing.
15516	Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Yes, I need to think about that a little bit more. I sort of feel like there are broader implications, but I can’t pull them all out right now. And I also feel like it’s a little bit my own thoughts on it are sort of distracting from the main point; if that makes sense.
15545	It can't happen. Why? I don't...Dr. Farrow tried to say something like that, she got creative, I don't know if...I don't mean to say you're not aware but I can't just move in with my sister. She has a one room, like studio type thing on the top floor of a house and they don't turn on their heat and I have a cat and I go to school and she lives in Newton and I have stuff and I would have to be on their lease...
15554	I mean, I talk to—I don’t know. I mean, I don’t think that’s true, but. Well, good. I would rather that not be true. I don’t know. I talk to a few of Stephen’s friends. And two of them are older. One guy I talked to about. I’ve never even heard of. But he was in his 50s. He was actually with Stephen on Saturday night, that’s how I got his number. It was one of the last ones called. And his friend Harris is older, as well. In his 40s. I don’t know.
15570	And how are you doing today? I’m doing okay. Had a…last Tuesday I had a breakdown at work where I was fine in the morning. I was fine for most of the afternoon. And then towards the end of the last like hour that I was working, I started like shaking. And then I realized that I was panicking. I was able to hide this from everybody, but ended up, you know, leaving an hour early, which, I mean, isn’t that abnormal for me, especially because right now hurts my hands.
15599	Getting specific timeframes where you work on things. And just be thinking of this as this is part of what you're doing in the backdrop. I don't know if it feels like you have to get another job in the meantime. If you knew, for example, right now it's going to take eight months until you find a job. Yeah.
15617	So he's doing some of the things that you expect of him in working through this but not all. Yeah. That's, you know, one of the reasons his sleep bothers you so much is because that feels like something he could be doing to try to get better that he's not... Yeah. ...doing consistently. I mean, I guess more when it impacts my plans for the next day. So it is kind of selfish because if he needs
15620	And you don't have to wait for it to be really bad. That's the other thing. That's true. Asking for a hug doesn't have to get to a point where you want to hurt yourself before you ask your boyfriend for a hug.
15628	Well that's been working the past couple weeks so it sounds like sticking with that and not changing that but if you want to add something to it. Now that you've done it successfully a couple weeks in a row... Yeah. ...you could maybe add something to it but I wouldn't take away something that's working. Yeah. But right now I'm like having trouble finding a job for to apply to this week. This week. Well it's Monday.
15653	And then they get to take that where they want. They can say, "Sorry to hear you've been looking for a while. I don't know of anything," or they can say, "Oh, I don't know. But my friend is friends with whoever. I'll drop her an e-mail." That's not a lot of effort for that person to make. Okay. Or, "Oh, I saw in my Twitter feed that such and such is hiring." Yeah. You know, they may not have to do much more than that.
15656	I don't need other people to drag me out of it. Or run. Well, if someone making me go. So you've felt like you could be the one to be responsible for knowing when the limit was, like when it had been enough days of wallowing and now it's time to go out for that run, that would feel okay? Well I used to be able to do that, I used to be much better at pulling myself together. I was in control of everything because I didn't have a boyfriend or dogs or crazy boyfriend's mother, whatever.
15668	That's true. If there's ever a time when you don't feel safe then you call me. If I can't answer then you call the emergency room; but it sounds like it's not him who you tell about those thoughts, especially if you know that they're just thoughts. I know that they're uncomfortable to have, but they don't need any action.
15738	No, no.
15747	It sounds like you need someone in your life understanding what you're going through and how real and how horrible and how scary this is. Just even finding a suicide note Ramona is terribly, terribly scary and overwhelming. I don't know if it felt like that didn't get honored in the couple's session?
15837	So that’s what I mean by it. Not like I didn’t approve of it, but it was yeah; it was something that I was less, sort of just okay, let’s just answer that too. And then when I thought about that, I thought well my liking doing something doesn’t mean that this is necessarily the most productive, or you know, something like that. Liking is a little too strong, but kind of something around that. Okay.
15885	Hi, how are you, today? I figured you were running late. I just had to run for something quick. Sorry about that. Good. It's chilly out. I didn't get a coffee so if I seem slow and unable to think... I have a closing today. Oh, good. Which I've got to squeeze I've just got another day with all kinds of stuff. It kind of stresses me out to have things all lined up throughout the day.
15899	Or just if there is some hiccup somewhere. I'm always wary of hiccups, you know? Like they've got to get a bank check. Are they going to be able to get a bank check? They've got to bring like $6,000 to closing, so is she going to have time to do that? Maybe she will, maybe she won't. I don't know. I'm not taking the risk of a personal check for $6,000.
15938	Yeah. I feel like the extent to which I’ve sort of changed that has been more like remembering that I lose touch than actually not losing touch; and that’s even not that great.
15955	My goodness. She did, she said "Get the fuck away, you’re bonkers." - Did she? Anyway...Ok. ...so she did that and er, so I said yeah, I didn’t think she was clever enough really. - You know not.. and well I went to see the doctor about it. Ok. - Cos I thought I’d show her cos she’s a doctor, you know she’s been to University, she’s done stuff...  -
15979	That's a good question. I think it's just a piece where she feels like if someone else can notice it, she should have noticed it. I think there's a piece where she has had plenty of people tell her, 'oh, you should try this to cure your depression.' You know like, 'when I had a headache, I took some aspirin. If you have a migraine, you should take some aspirin, also.' And that sort of analogy and it doesn't she has a particular ire about that class of discussion. And I
15987	Having it together, having a career and a plan for your life, being motivated and ambitious. But I do also wonder if Ivan continues to make progress with his depression, with his attention disorder, if he continues to, like if he sort of gets to baseline with his job where he gets to the point where he's doing it well and things are going smoothly consistently. And he feels like he could potentially maybe he could reach that too, maybe. Yeah. All of what we're talking about that started with this particular
15994	Where was I going though? I don't remember. I was still in college. I had my car, so it was after this, it was after that experience. Yeah, so I think that was the first time. You told me a little bit about what happened that day, but can you go into a little bit more detail about it? Yeah. Or that actually might have been the second time, depending on if
16033	Would you mind if I ask you to go over again what the problem is, perhaps in your own words so that I get an understanding of it?
16043	Yeah. Even like the isn’t as much a thing anymore. Like I don’t – I ended up hurting myself. Yeah, I don’t know, I – I haven’t been thinking about hating myself as much. And sometimes it’s blank. It’s still there somewhere, but I don’t have to deal with it all the time. I –
16075	that they both feel he's made quite a lot of progress so independently Dr. Bourd said he's opening up in a way he never did in the beginning, he finds more of his own feelings about actually being angry in the session, being upset rather than just kind of whipping himself shame
16082	If you get a call you won't be able to take it. You can't do it." I think my job for at least the next month is kind of keep my anxiety under control which, you know, that's kind of a full-time job. Too bad I don't get paid for that. Yeah. I feel like I'm getting better at it though.Yeah, this morning sounds pretty different from how it often goes.
16087	It's just I know I'm doing that to myself. And the other night I had this freak out. I thought, "I'm not going to get a job and it's going to be my fault because I stopped doing applications." Mm. "You can't get a job, Ramona, if you don't apply." And so I need a way to keep going. Is it starting to feel kind of like your hopelessness is raising? Mm hm. So it gets harder to then go do
16091	And this idea that you and we went over this before, that you "should be able to do it" by now. Ah... We went over this. It is... I know. It is... It is your tendency to demand perfection from yourself. It is a lot it is exhausting. I'm exhausted.
16094	Well, I guess part of my detachment is if I remove myself from it, I can be happier. You know, I can go out with my friends. I can do things. You know. Maybe, you know, it just sort of came to me. Does the detachment itself cause you distress? Yes. It's the detachment and the sex thing and the more I put an effort in to trying, you know,
16106	It was embarrassing for me. Yeah, at night, and that's and I went right back to that habit in Geneva. Living in a studio apartment by myself was probably the worst thing that could have happened to me at that point, because I would go out and just like, I would go out with a backpack and go get all this food, and come home
16120	Practically speaking I can get ricotta, soft cheeses some of those will actually have a symbol that my house accepts. Those I can get at the regular grocery store, but anything else I need to go to Hamden for. Hamden is the closest place that will have it, which is really frustrating. Yeah, I can understand your frustration; and it's challenging. He was complaining about how his new job was going to have such a long commute. It's all the way out to where you see the sign from the highway and I'm like, "Oh, that's like a third of my commute. I do not feel bad for you at all."
16151	Mm-hmm. Because I'm distracted, I guess. It's something that's familiar to you.Yeah. Because this, you know, it's not like something new and maybe I'm not stressed because I'm not taking any medication. I won't take Tylenol, so maybe I am stressed about it. I'm allowed to take Tylenol but I don't want to take it. I don't know, it makes me nervous, and I think that I'd rather
16159	And the wife is always there. Yeah, but he's still kind of creepy. Yeah. It's a general level of creepiness. It's not like, you know. he's done absolutely nothing to suggest pedophilia or affection for kids. Right. He's actually a bit introverted, but he seems overwhelmed and he's taking classes for something. I don't want to talk to the guy, so I really don't know all the answers, you know. Right. But you.
16174	Kind of been thinking about, you know, yeah if I really do have ADD, how much different my life would have been if this had been discovered, you know, 30 years ago, 20 years ago, 10 years ago, five years ago, two years ago, a year ago, six months ago, you know. Six weeks ago. Yeah. So that was kind of bothering me a bit. Are you upset with me for not wondering about it?
16195	Somewhere, I don’t know... early in my... PhD program... I stopped being able to do that. I don’t know exactly why. Something like being acutely aware of what’s going on with you interrupts my thought process, so I... It is not helped by my advisor, who has like, very bright blue eyes and sits very attentively like...
16212	but farthest away from the door and give yourself an extra couple of minutes at each spot. And that can build in, you know. Just 10 minutes of walking during the day, just by doing a couple of things like that. And that’s a manageable way, you know, to be able to walk in places that probably have been plowed. You know they’re going to plow the parking lot. The parking garage is covered  Yeah. And gives you just a few minutes of being a little bit more active; maybe a little bit of fresh air here and there. That’s a way that you can be more in control of what you’re able to do.
16268	My mother was a very neat and kept person. She was very particular about how she kept house and her personal appearance. My dad was a salesman and was well kept, but not more than other people I guess. My siblings, a brother and sister, are messier than I am, most definitely. Are there any forms of abuse in your past as a child or in your current life as an adult? No. No physical or sexual abuse at all. Have you experienced any major losses or grieving?
16278	I just started I don't know what happened, I just came around and I didn't get a B since, you know? But it took me a year, yeah. My mom jokes around that she sent one kid off to Yale, where I went to school, and got another one back, because I changed so much throughout the four years that I was there. So at the time that you started doing better, is that when you started drinking? That's when I stopped drinking. I see.
16279	Not in my mind because it’s feeling better, per se, but I guess for reasons that, at least to me so far, are not entirely clear – maybe because you’re feeling kind of strong, I think? Like I don’t swing violently in this direction, so much as I just saunter over there?
16281	I received an MRI report on Friday that showed I had a herniated disc in my cervical spine, in my neck. To the say
16306	I haven't tried Lunesta either. That's an option. Yeah. Okay, look, I don't mean to derail us in actually talking about what's going on, nor am I convinced that this will solve your sleep problems or that my guy giving you antidepressants right now is even possible, but I think some of this stuff might help. We should probably get the ball rolling on that. I can think of a lot of things. One, if you e-mail me, do you want to use your insurance for it? Yes. Okay.
16344	That seems like an interesting topic for all on its own in terms of if it’s that important to me, why don’t I find it sustaining or something like that? experience is something that’s confining and is limiting your options. That’s a very different thing than something that you’ve proactively committed to and that you feel fulfilled you feel good about fulfilling.
16347	Yeah, there are definitely people who have done things like focus on the Harlem Renaissance, the literature of the Harlem Renaissance, and then completely skipped over the politics behind the Renaissance. I’m like, okay, I guess people do that, like in literature departments and stuff, but it feels very ... Someone in the English department, just focusing on the poetry of the Harlem Renaissance, ignoring politics, makes more sense than someone in Afro Am doing that.
16352	I don’t how, but I have to get in touch with the person I’m supposed to be tutoring. It’s like through one of those websites, so I don’t - Do you like have their contact information? No I don’t, or I do somewhere, but it’s not like my phone. You got it on that iPad? I could actually. Okay. Yeah.
16371	No. That I do it enough. No. You did that often.
16397	But he's in class for something and he's overwhelmed. just get a creepy vibe off him. Yeah, he's just a weird dude. Just a weird dude, you know. But I wouldn't take the chance. Yeah. Ian and I in May are going to spend the night on a battleship. Oh, that's cool. You sleep in the bunks and eat in the mess hall. Neat. They do tours around the battleship and all kinds of activities.
16563	You must be really worried. I am. I don’t know. It’s, I don’t know, hard to be—I don’t know. So worried about something that doesn’t—not able to directly, I don’t know, deal with it or—I don’t know. So, I’m basically just—I go back and forth between, I don’t know, trying not to think about it and, I don’t know, being worried. But we’ll see.
16584	in terms of the amount of responsibility you have for Tanya. I guess that's what I was thinking about. And the way you started today about feeling more of the anger, especially as the exigency of the circumstance is subsiding. I don't want that to get lost, either. I have definitely noted that and I think that's important for us to continue talking about, too. Okay.
16667	You want to separate yourself in some ways so that you can be independent of what's limiting him right now. It does sound like a lot of your worries are coming from not being able to control him, but feeling controlled by his depression. Yeah, that sounds about right. I think it's important that you're not controlled by his depression. I need time in the day to go to Hamden and make my room inhabitable again.
16682	Yeah. I feel like James gets frustrated with me about that or I worry about that. I feel like, "Well, if my life sucks, at least it should suck a new way." Or if it sucks in the same way I should be able to come up with something to do about it. Yeah. I think it's kind of an indication or an illustration of how much you feel like you can really suffer. You had better be by yourself because nobody really wants to hear it, or at least not for very long.
16708	That's probably it. That sounds more like Jess. That's why I'm careful to say that I don't really know, but he just doesn't do the same thing with you. There could be some of that on his side, too, where he feels a little needier for her in a way. You know mom comforting stuff like that. He kind of gives her a hard time because of that, which sometimes kids do. Or is just trying to get attention.
16823	all the other well, yeah, I guess that is a "should", so there you go. There you go. It is really cool, if you break it it is kind of cool. It is that a word that may be does that seem odd to describe...? No. I think if you "should" I think I should call 911 and have you arrested.
16841	spit up some phlegm in the morning but usually you don't throw up, like, dinner in the morning, do you? Only when I order Chinese food, because I eat too much, so it's still in my stomach, you know, 12 hours later, 8 hours later, whatever. It's happened once before. And I woke up yesterday, I had no nausea whatsoever. So I was a little surprised because I figured I was dehydrated
16860	I am afraid that I will get some bad germs that will get into my body and if I don’t lock the door, then someone will come and attack me and my family. If I don’t check the doors and windows and lock everything three times, I just feel that something bad will happen. Then I am afraid that I forgot to lock the doors and windows, so I am repeatedly checking on them. Then I must wash my hands three times because of the germs.
16868	I mean it guess it could, but it could also hurt. And I don’t know which it’ll be. Well, if it hurts, then you stop. This is not signing up for lifetime membership. If it turns out that it’s harmful in some way, then you stop. If it’s useful, if you enjoy it, that’s probably a good thing. If you reconnect with some people you enjoy, those things tend to be good at treating depression. You know, getting involved with activities that are pleasurable. That’s good stuff. And it might be that.
16880	see. I think there’s also the sense that like one of the things I’d like to do in my other relationships is like be aware of the things that people are struggling with and sort of offer to talk with them about them; sort of tell them that I understand this is going on. So I think that I’m trying to do that and realize that our relationship is very different from my other ones, but I think that I’m doing that anyway. So
16944	Well, so he got cardioverted on Tuesday and they said that his heart was like four times the size it's supposed to be, which we knew but it basically hasn't gone down at all. And if it had gone down then there would be like hope. So, there's kind of not much hope that that will continue to happen. You're saying that they're not believing that what they will do, will kind of allow it to shrink again but it's going to stay enlarged.
16948	is to be able to start saying, "You know what? When are you going to go try on clothes because I want to be there for you. I have some time right now." Pushing into to taking care of her some. But I don't think the answer is going to be, oh, you just need to be not taken care of anymore. I think you start to hate yourself when you get taken care of. And that's a healthy thing to want to have in every relationship. Do you know what I mean?
16973	in a way that it would be less likely in other social situations for that to happen. Um... you know, I think it,
16985	Yeah. To some extent, I don't think that's entirely true. I think I have seen you be more in touch here, but what do you think that's about? I'm just assuming it's that same feeling that I know. I've been there. I've felt the intensity when I start to get in touch with whatever feelings it is that I've pushed away and it's just easier for me to probably just do what I've done my whole life from a child. It's easier for me to function and be somewhat together and find things I,
16995	Go buy another shampoo for a dollar, find a cheaper shampoo, you can buy it, hide it so he doesn't use that one and use that one yourself. The car, that's a different story, the fridge is a different story, these are things that start
17007	Are they Ethiopian or not? And also asking one’s source for information and taking that as “This is the truth which we will update Wikipedia with”, is not really a great practice. The professor here was really quite naive, incompetent, and kind of offensive too.
17021	Not particularly about those subjects but those were part of the conversation. So that seems important. When you say talked in that way, how do you mean? Yes, that’s the right question but I don’t know how to answer it. Did you ever like sit and have coffee with someone for a couple of hours? It’s that I think. Sure.
17023	And then you end up intensifying your own thought because you end up saying what you were already saying again. You're reinforcing it because you're fighting against him. I wonder if censoring yourself a little bit to get yourself the response that you want because when you tell him that you feel like killing yourself or you feel like hurting yourself, he's going to say, "It's not that bad. Don't do it," which doesn't make you feel better.
17068	In that case I sort of was helpless without him because I couldn't see anything, which is why I always put my glasses in a place that makes sense and not . . . like he'll lose his and I always put mine somewhere that makes sense. This time he knocked them over.
17095	Yeah. There's also a sense in which how many people need to handle that simultaneously? Someone who is helping you would need to I'm not even talking simply about me, but anyone you would rely on to help you through this. I'm sorry. You're going to have to expand on that a little bit. I was thinking about this before with your siblings. You were kind of bringing a logistical formula. There are this many people and I can only have this many conversations.
17097	And now Yeah, I do. The thing is other people get paid to do exactly what I'm doing. Huh. But by the time I joined the study I feel like she's out of grant money. Oh. So I'm not getting fifteen dollars an hour, I'm getting nothing. It's just frustrating but it's good for my resume. Yeah. And now Friday I start orientation for patient advocacy at Walter Reed. Okay.
17137	That I would be the type of snobby whatever person that being married to someone who is a manager at Subway wouldn't be enough, or wouldn't be fulfilling his potential or wouldn't be - Mm. Like what does that say about me? Hm. So just to press you for a second, does your mind go to something in particular? What are you saying, "What does that say about me?" It seems like you get very self-critical.
17249	My friend, the non-doctor shared this. So I allowed myself to get into a state of hysteria because for whatever reason, we don't have to get into that I guess but I felt very desperate... I think it would be good for you to identify what contributed to your feeling hysterical. Well I think I tend to listen to people that I think are very smart and I look at them...
17260	So the piece that you have control over is can you change the tone and as I sit here and thinking about the two ways to do that are either to delay it until that anger has subsided or to find a way to take that deep breath and then speak in a way that's more calm. I'm not saying that you don't have a right to be angry or that it's not okay to express your anger. The reason I'm saying this is because he's not hearing you and you want him to hear you.
17263	and I would lie to them and tell them that I wasn't doing it, and I had like my separate friends who are surprisingly now, no longer my friends. Yeah, and then I didn't even think about it really, all summer, and it wasn't until I came back to school that those friends again, they had been doing it all summer. So they had it around, so then I gave it another try, and I guess I liked it. I don't remember the second time I did it.
17310	What feels hurtful about being angry? I guess he doesn't like it when I'm angry at him and he thinks it... You know? I mean, I don't like it when people are angry at me. I guess the difference is it feels like... It feels like you have a right to be angry. Yeah. So I don't know what to do. And it's not like I'm taking out my frustrations on, from something else on him. Right. I'm taking my frustrations at him
17315	Yeah. Yeah. Then again, I'm not Tanya's therapist so I feel like, at least occasionally, I've come up with a different answer to that question. You know I think it all would have been so much different if we would have been in San Antonio or in Austin, somewhere close to our families.
17332	It’s terrible. My husband is so understanding, but worried and wants me to get help because it is disruptive in our household. The kids wonder why I must do everything three times and why I can’t touch certain things in the house because of the fear of germs. I don’t want them to learn these things from me. I work as an accountant, so I have my own office and don’t have to interact a lot with the public.
17339	in part of your lack of confidence and, you know, when you're feeling crummy about yourself it can be hard to be motivated and take care of yourself. You feel down, you don't feel like you're worth it, you don't do your laundry. I don't know. Going to the bathroom. Chinese food.
17351	Done. Days are , so like It stinks. Yeah. So the metaphor is, you know, how many spoons do you have? Are there a lot of spoons? Lucy made the analogy that, hanging out with Yvonne is like having Yvonne take all of my spoons and drops them down the garbage disposal.
17391	I think it relates to some knowledge of or trust in response, what response I will get immediately and where it will go from there, I think. And how might it go wrong? On the one hand, and this is not as much an issue in our relationship, but the other person may not be able to handle it. That one is alleviated by some sort of professional trust, in this case. Mitigated not really.
17431	Things that do change mood sure, medication is one of them. We kind of know, from working backwards, people take these drugs and have a lot of changes in their moods. The other things that change mood are things that do take some of that motivation and energy, things like exercising, exposure to light.
17500	Yes. I would like to get your help because I feel like I can’t live my life. I am not wanting to be around groups of people. I feel irritable and have been having trouble concentrating and remembering things. I don’t have an appetite and feel nauseated a lot lately. I am 28 years old and feel like an old lady. Can you tell me when these symptoms started?
17504	And I pass the bum on the street every day, and I think I'm going to be just like her because she she is. But homeless people I wonder whether she is less or more depressed than you; I have a hunch. It might be less. She reads. She may
17553	I'm wondering how much that piece of advice that you got kind of got you ramped up and got you worried; got you scared and got you feeling depressed because you did not like the job search process. No, I really didn't. I don't know. I can't go back to being unemployed. I need to have something right away. Listen to this fear. I don't know. My parents will . . . Feeling trapped. Yeah.
17568	No, that's right. That's right. It's sort of like, through the lens of the illness I have come to see this more clearly or something. Yes. Yeah. And that is... yeah, no, I think that's a really nice insight I was not... That thought flitted through my head once two days ago, and I haven't looked at it since. And I think that visiting her family and being frustrated by, like, everyone in her family, like, extended family included, being... having a particular sense of ethic is...
17579	of that it was a very huge, pivotal point in my life, and then when I got better and actually met, had like a girlfriend and everything, pretty much three months later all of this started to happen. The physical symptoms?
17603	oh, it burns. Marie tried it and said don't do it, like oh my God, you already did them, there's something not right with that. I don't know what it is but that like, I'm not doing any more. Yeah, I mean, it
17672	We do need to stop though, but I’ll see you tomorrow. Okay. Okay great. Okay take care.
17685	That it’s not, that I have, that not only am I sharing it, but that you’re sort of, you’re seeing that there are certain... sort of areas that I have very clear ideas about. Like, it’s something that I’ve thought about and developed, it’s not random or like, maybe this or maybe that. No, I want to know what you’re thinking, but I think maybe
17731	had stopped taking it Friday or before so while I really don't think that that is like a primary driver of her depression and just all of the turmoil of the last couple of years, she did have a goiter in part of her thyroid removed and has been doing thyroid suppression therapy since about the time we got married. So it fits right into the same time window as everything else.
17740	Do you think if you can step back and be a little objective in considering that that what you held was somewhat of an unrealistic expectation? Yes. Disappointing, but yes. The good news is you're probably going to live a little bit longer, oh at least 90 years -that was a joke
17753	the website to apply for them was like so slow and broken I was just like, "Screw this. I'm not spending..." I hadn't written the cover letter yet so like I, you know... So it wasn't like I expended that much effort only to not apply but it was just... You know, it's one thing to have a really application where you have to fill out the things and basically like replicate your resume and then they ask you for your resume too but if the site won't even load,
17780	I think it does have to do a lot with the fact that I didn't, I felt my mother was very loving towards me when I was in a good mood and when I was down or upset she would push it right away and say "You're complaining and I don't want to hear it," and when my mother used to say you're like a doormat and so there was
17805	It’s on the…it’s on the third floor, but the ground floor is one, so it’s two; two flights up. So those are ways to look for little bits more. Uh huh. Maybe on days when you’re not carrying as heavy of a load, choosing the stairs up on the way. Choosing the stairs up as well as choosing the stairs down are little ways for you to take control of where you can get in just a little bit more movement in your day.
17833	And that's okay. But I don't know if that's what I I don't know if it's okay with me. Mm hm.
17862	So, like, the particularly bad period of our lives, she has essentially no memories from. What were you wondering? It's interesting because it was sort of related to that. There's one piece of dealing with Tanya's illness in the present and then also in the past, which is sort of a traumatic event, for lack of a better term, that you went through, that you feel completely alone in and you can't share with her because she was there and not there at the same time.
17902	Let’s give the Seroquel some more time to work. You’ve been on it for a week. It sounds like it’s helping a little. Let’s see what happens. How has things like, I know it’s been snowy. Have you been able to exercise at all. No, I haven’t. Because that’s sometimes, you know, when that’s more available to you, that can really help because the tightness is muscles. Right. That’s a muscle tightening that you’re feeling. It’s really uncomfortable. It’s not dangerous, but it’s really uncomfortable. And that’s something that exercise can really help with.
17912	I also get the feeling that there's a lot of feeling. You know you say sometimes you hit these moments where you're watching something and all this feeling comes out, like a release almost, and then you feel better. It has that feeling to me, like there's something dammed up inside. Probably. Even just from what you went through Friday.
17919	I don't know. I don't know. It sort of makes it easier to justify like behaving in this fashion. I'm not sure that that's actually the I don't know. Well, I think this is the heart of the matter in your marriage, is how free are you how free are you? Maybe that's the end of the sentence. And how much are you as you described very pointedly, held hostage? You'd certainly feel more
17931	And as I'm going in, this guy asked me if I had a cigarette and I'm like "no" and he's like "Can I used your phone?" And I don't know why I asked, but I'm like "Who are you calling?" And he rambles off some Italian guy, and then he kind of stops. He's like "Who are you?" You know, like maybe he shouldn't be giving me the number. Right.
17964	I don't know what's going to happen the rest of today. I really hate this. And I hope. I mean at some point I have to listen to the rest of my messages. I hope I'll be able to do that soon, but I don't know. I know it's not that much to deal with, but it feels like too much. My Dad's coming tomorrow. We'll see how that goes. Mm hm.
17982	- Right, and then I was worried if I went to the pub I’d actually get ill in the pub and then it’d be really embarrassing for everybody so I just said I couldn’t go, and I think he’s getting a bit to the end of his tether now, because it just seems to have come out of the blue, and I’ve never suffered from anything like this before. So it sounds like he’s getting to the end of his tether, but it also sounds like you’re pretty fed up with the whole thing as well - is that right?
17987	No. Fine, so yeah until now. Yes it would be wonderful if I could change, I mean, if anyway... No, wait. Have we not already seen some changes for the better in your attitude to yourself? Maybe a little bit but I feel like I'm extremely, I feel like I'm still sort of up and down with these things because it takes.
18016	I have a tough time with the people from James’s grad school grad program. It’s just always sort of stressful. I like them; they’re fine; they’re just really different from me. Then I think well, they’re also really different from James.
18032	You said, you know. I don't know. I was thinking about something else. Cameron, I don't think you have enough self-confidence in yourself when it comes to lots of things. We already knew that. How does that explain why I have a ton of laundry that I needed to do two weeks ago? I think you feel kind of crummy about yourself as a result
18046	We have to get visas for this trip to China and my dad won't make up his mind whether he wants to deal with getting visas for everyone or whether he wants me and Dave to get our own. I e-mailed him to say, "The trip is in four months. We need to get our visas. Do you want me to mail you our passports and visa applications so you can get everyone's visas?
18071	Well, to some extent. I mean he clearly He said he left grad school because it wasn't for him. And I had a really tough time with that. But that was something I was going to be able to accept. What actually happened, not so much. But the bare problem with it is, I feel like Ivan has no clue what he wants out of life right now. Yeah. I feel like if I told him tomorrow, "We should buy a house." He would be like, "Yeah, let's work up towards that." Mm.
18091	But he wants to do a bumper car which entails adding wood to the top which, you know — Why do you have to add wood to the top for a bumper car? Just the way a bumper car is shaped. Oh, okay. The size of the block is not big enough, so you've got to build up the back. I see.
18092	Yeah. I definitely know it about myself. I think my whole life it was the comfortable place for me to be. I think also maybe anger has always been the easiest feeling me to express. I couldn't tell if you said express or suppress? Express. Express. That is what I was guessing. What do you think about anger that makes it easier?
18098	Last night, I had an hour long conversation with my friend Vanessa, who just gotten tenure last week
18107	It's interesting. It's a dynamic that's gotten set up with her, it sounds like since you were very little. Yeah. Very much so. I mean, not only has she taken care of me, but when things with Mom and Dad were explosive - Mm hm. she was there to talk it out and make sure I was okay. But even to the extent of, "Ramona, did you do this? Do you want to take care of this? How is that going?" Just really mothering. Mm.
18126	he always seems like current time or jag, but there’s no guarantee about the next one will come. Yeah. Sorry I’m taking a little time to figure this out. Okay. I’ll be. I could probably go home to stare at the wall, so you know, I can do that here.  Do you have a? No. I don’t know
18128	This all happened this week so if you wallowed for two weeks and then I'd say, well it's starting to look like depression because it's stuck around for so long. But sticking around for most of a week is still considered within normal range for reacting to sad news and difficult things. Yeah, I mean on my little run this morning I decided it's better than what could have happened last year and I think it has mostly because Josh was a reason.
18142	I was just thinking about Amanda. I feel like from where I sit, it looks to me a lot like she is bi-polar, too, and she does not succumb to it. She doesn’t want to be involved in mental health care, basically. She doesn’t want to take meds and – okay. I don’t know. I wonder how her life would be different if she were not making that choice. Like if she were getting treated and thinking more of herself in those terms, stuff like that? Yes.
18145	Well, I don't know. Just like in general, depression lies to the self so I mean it's like I know there are times when I know I'm not right, I mean like when I'm feeling like, 'oh, I would be better off if I were dead,' so I mean there's the rational part of my back in the back of my mind that's like, 'no that's not true.' That's just the depression lying to you. Does anxiety lie in the same way? I guess. Sort of. How might it?
18149	On any given, any given relationship any given day, you're not being selfish by having your sister wait a little bit while you try on clothes. It could be if she said to you, "Ramona, I have thirty minutes and then I have to be out of here because I have a job interview. So let's do thirty minutes and then " You know, say you were driving her. And then you kept trying on clothes and totally ignoring her deadline. I'm guessing that's not what happened. Right? No, no. She didn't say she had limited time.
18162	doing it. That's what happens when your brain is preoccupied with staying safe. And your brain became very preoccupied with staying safe as you became really
18186	Parenting a regular little kid looks different from what they’re doing. I mean it’s not obvious from this, but I mean I’m child trained, and I until a few years ago, saw kids, you know, and. Parenting; it can be incredibly hard, and hard to know how hard it can be to parent a difficult kid,
18225	Doctors who are overscheduled and will only see you for ten minutes really don't know as much about your body as you do because... It does not necessarily mean the answers are on some blog on the Internet. Right. So Dave started yelling that I didn't want to try this vitamin D thing and I was like, "Well, you're suggesting that I take something like 12 times the FDA recommended allowance of vitamin D.
18227	What do you make of the looking for street? My obsession with him as puts it. Yea, this is so much crap attached to that whole thing. It's just so weird. Yea, the best everyone is doing are just ignoring it and nothing can matter again. Yea, I don't think about it now. I was asking about like, will we ever be OK with him. Or I don't know. I mean, he was a good friend. And now he's not even that. Yea, there's so much weirdness to that episode. I see him on Facebook or says stalk him. Or I don't know.
18301	wait until you have run out and get it a few days later, but There are a couple of questions that I have. One is what are you worried about in sort of saying in the moment when you're feeling upset about something like this? I mean we've talked since when Tanya was here that she has a hard time handling me being upset and so like I am concerned that me being angry is going to impact her negatively in a dangerous way. Is the dangerous part the important part?
18312	Then that, that there is certainly intentionality, you’re imputing that I’m I’m not feeling like I’m going to a particular direction, consciously, but...
18320	And you know yourself well. I trust that, ultimately, you want to be safe and you take the steps to do that.
18323	No, not at all, it’s just I keep getting these situations where my heart starts to really, really race like boom, boom. - Right, I get chest pain, I can’t catch my breath. It’s making me feel funny talking to you about it! Right - And, um, so my heart starts to race, I can’t get my breath and then I get chest pains and I get very afraid that, I’m going to have a heart attack. Right, and you’re feeling a little bit anxious just here with me?
18330	It seems very honest. Yeah. Like, you know, it'd be one thing if I knew like going into this relationship that he had really low libido but like when he's not depressed he doesn't and he's starting to get better but then he had like a cold that like, you know, he's had for three weeks and so that's making things hard even if he is getting better mentally. Like he's not better physically and...
18341	like agitation that I did something inappropriate by sending these updates.” I was like, “Well, I’m pretty upset that stuff that I was talking about in my psychiatrist appointment is in the e-mails.” And he’s like, “There’s nothing different than the ones he sent in the last hospitalizations, which you were fine with.” I was like, “Well, it seems like there’s a big difference to me between saying, ‘Tanya had a rough
18354	Somewhat mitigated. Let's take a different one. Say I was to talk to my mother about Tanya's relationship with this professor. I don't know how my mother would respond, but it could go that my mother gets angry or hurt and then I have to deal with those also; and that hasn't helped me at all. So you said "mitigated," not alleviated.
18359	felt thoughtful and proactive and driven by a passion for something. Passion for sandwich even. You know? Like, you know, he's starting to learn about all different kinds. I mean that still might be disappointing in one way if it was sort of, "Oh, I thought I was marrying someone who was going to this." And, "What does that mean for his identity?" And, you know, "Can I get used to that?" But maybe not in all the ways it's been disappointing because of something in his personality or attention deficit.
18373	And, I also think that this, being that I'm working full time and he's working part time and it's, you know, way less. It's two days a week. Well, it's four days a week, but hours wise it's about maybe 12 hours a week. I just feel like that should make our life easier because Harold has time to do a lot of things that I'm still doing. I'm still cooking. I'm still doing the food shopping. A lot of times when I bring it up, he says, you know, why don't you ask me? I say why should I have to ask you?
18392	and you mentioned that there was stuff going on at work, you’re feeling a bit stressed out, and in town it was a bit hot - so that may have been what was behind that first panic attack. What happens to people is that once they’ve had one panic attack they go on to have more, and the reason for that is that once you’ve had something like that happen to you, you’re kind of there thinking, ’ooh will this happen again.’ Is that something that you do?
18396	Yeah, I don't know what to do about it. Yeah, I mean, I don't know what to do about it. Yeah, I feel like you're pointing to this thing and I'm saying, "yes, that seems like about the right thing." Now what? Yeah. Um hmm. You know, we can spend time talking about that more, but
18397	Yeah, I don't have a particularly clear view of what a tenable strategy is at this point. Well, when one feels really, really angry at the person or people they love, being worried about the impact of that anger, I think, is a general fear. I mean, I think that's kind of a fear in general that you might have regardless of Tanya's psychologic state... Sure. And then it's exacerbated by it. So what do people do?
18412	So I’m going to move on to the other questions now. I asked you, I think, at the end of the last session that had you ever been suicidal and whether you would lie to me. You were struck by the pairing of those questions.
18425	Just the fact that I came up being sad for no reason and it's breaking through means that my drugs aren't working enough if I'm having these bad feelings. They're not being triggered by a certain thing. So you're not happy all the time? Yeah, but sadder than usual, though. So you do feel like this is worse than whatever your baseline is? Yeah. Usually my baseline would be if I'm sad there's a reason for it.
18433	I don't know. I don't feel like I should deserve to feel secure. And just the knowledge that I am that I exist. I don't know. I want to play the blame game. But I'm like did this come from a did this sense of you have to do something. You have to do something otherwise, it's awful. I wonder if this comes from. But... Well, it's also the reason you seek him out.
18438	I mean we woke up and the car battery was dead because he couldn't remember to turn off the light. I mean he's been using shampoo to wash his body for over a month because he can't remember to take his new bar of soap into the shower. I mean things actually happen that affect me so it's not like we've been down the road, I can let it go, or I should let it go and it just falls on him and maybe he'll learn consequences, the whole...It doesn't happen. He doesn't get worked up about the consequences, I do and they affect me too.
18482	given her father's abusive marriage and so forth but it would be much more likely to be the parents and not the spouse, especially for people in their 20s who would be managing this.
18485	and like basically said that I would not have chosen to tell my mom for example, or James’ mom, or you know, my little brother. Like I love them, but it’s not necessarily even that I don’t want them to know, but I didn’t know that they – like I didn’t know that when I was having these conversations with James, that anything in the conversations was fair game,
18486	Pressuring him to pay her, I don’t know, a couple thousand dollars or something. My brother’s just turned 27. This woman is 41 years old. I don’t know. I don’t know. She knows about our situation. He doesn’t have any money. I don’t know. He has problems with depression. I don’t know. Just quit his job and he’s not feeling too hot right now. I don’t know. I guess. He didn’t tell me the whole story, but I’m sure something happened where she abandoned him and
18532	But I choose sleep. So, I don’t really know how to do anything. My whole life is falling apart. You’ve got a lot of challenges right now, so let’s just focus on one piece. Like you said, it’s hard to make all of the right decisions, which sometimes feels harder to make. So let’s take it just a couple of days at a time and focus on making one or two decisions that feel like they’re towards health. So it’s Wednesday evening and you said you had some, you have some plans. You’re going to go to your mom’s after the doctor on Friday. Yeah.
18542	If I said, "We should start a family tomorrow." He would probably That might be a little extreme, but the point is I feel like he's been wishy washy. One random job to the next. Mm. And just, you know, going with whatever is given to him. Just not proactive, not engaged, not motivated or ambitious. Mm hm. What does he What does he really want?: Mm.
18560	Yeah, they're doing some painting. Probably the next time it'll be the new furniture. Oh wow. Yeah. So painting and furniture. Rugs. So I defended my dissertation. Oh, congratulations. Thank you. How did it go? It went fine. It was not the best presentation I've ever given, but it was good enough, so.
18567	...then it's not really working for you either because you're not being able to express really what you want. Yeah. It's just that then... I don't know what to do other than try to be calm when I'm not calm. And like if a fight is happening I'm very much not calm. Can you delay the conversation until you are calm? Umm... Maybe. I mean, the last time it was in the context of trying to wake him up on Saturday morning and Friday night he did the thing where he like stayed up late and then like...
18583	It's entirely possible that the Wellbutrin wasn't working because it was manufactured incorrectly and not because it was ineffective on my body, so I really don't know. I've just gotten to the point that if I'm medicated and still feeling depressed and there is nothing I can do, there are very few options left to me because we tried the mood stabilizer and that gave me weird side effects, too. It really seems like Wellbutrin and Desipramine are the two drugs that are for depression and have absolutely no serotonin side effects,
18602	Yea, I guess. I mean, I'm sure I I'm trying to think if there were times in my life where I was less insecure. But I don't know. I might have been. But I might have still been insecure about other things. Even as a child or something. And it's like,
18606	liked to party or whatever, and they did cocaine, so I thought this would be fun, if we all get together and I'll get us a gram of coke to split and we can go out in Chicago and have a good time.
18635	That would be my easiest meal. Other things would take a lot more work, like practically any meals. I could stock pasta that would be fine and write "Georgia" on it, but I have to go to Hamden if I want to have anything to put on it. Getting vegetables you can't get them that far in advance. Anything else . . . It would still require planning if Sydney wound up going to my place and having things for the morning and everything. Yeah, it feels complicated. It is. The gluten-free kitchen is probably the most complicating factor that plus Aaron not really doing his job of getting food for the kitchen.
18676	In the end that was kind of like, the nut of it, I was just like, “Hmmm, this feels very uncomfortable”. I would imagine. It was not touched on at all. Also part of her, in part of her talk she was discussing how a lot of her African-American and African students didn’t do a lot with technology and are underrepresented in the tech field.
18678	I'm clear that when we've talked about this before, I put it in a very direct manner, Tanya's tendency to abdicate her responsibility and your tendency to fill in all the spaces of responsibility, whether it's your responsibility or not, even your entitlement or not to do so, does not fit well. I mean, in some ways it fits very well, but in others It works perfectly together. It worked perfectly except it doesn't help either of you.
18714	I noticed you were wearing dressier clothes than usual. Yes. That was on purpose. So, like maybe they'll be able to start me with something as soon as Monday. If they could that would probably solve the problem at least while I'm at work and then I guess I'll have to deal with the panic in the evenings, but - If you even panicked.
18759	You were surrounded by judges as a kid. So many judgments from your mother and from your mother's whole side of the family. Things are either good/bad; good/bad; good/bad not just interest in your experience.
18768	Were you treated for depression or any other mental issues in the past, such as after your mother’s passing? No. I just recently went to Dr. Green because this is becoming too much. Would you be willing to try medication, Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, and Exposure and Response Prevention therapy to begin changing these behaviors? Yes. If it will help me stop this and be able to have my life back.
18779	But he doesn't know what else to say, so he says it. So if you can tell him what you want, "I'm sad. I'd like a hug. Can you hold me?" Yeah, especially because "it's going to be okay" is something that works on him.
18791	It’s all related because I do have all of those things. But the actual how it came to be is… Some time ago I asked you whether this would be your first child and you said it would be your first biological child. So a couple of weeks ago, then, I sort of…and I phrased that question very carefully to avoid asking the question that I then later asked to like…I did that because. Anyway.
18850	" He said "I don't think you should confront Ivan." I told him I didn't know what to do here and I was hoping...he really just kind of told me to just...so it was unfortunate and he kind of gave me like a short list of what he needed and he never called me back, not even to check like "How's it going?" I think that's his way of...so I understand Ivan maybe avoids him sometimes and maybe he learned that a little bit at home. Yeah.
18897	And suggested that that had been true for that it had never not been true. You know, it sounds sort of ridiculous, but I think I don't think she's correct about that. I think there was a period of time where it certainly was not every couple or three days or something. I'm not sure that's really the important point, though.
18925	I just because it’s such a difference from, I don’t know, my interaction with her or being—she was so strong or unwavering or she comes off like—I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know, probably like how I come off, just blunt or something. I don’t know, it’s just—and then now, it’s—I don’t know. It’s not about sports or—I don’t know. She’s just like, yeah, doesn’t want any part or doesn’t know how to deal with it or—I don’t know.
18968	So the one I disputed... And let me point out to you teandency you have. And you know we're on the same page The journey of Jessa having a better life. Yes. When I point out things to you, it is to help you to be more aware. Of course, yeah.
18974	Yeah, your body sort of triggers that to do it.
18994	So just watch that. OK. And if you catch yourself not to tell yourself, "Oh, Goodness! Look at me hopeless," blah-blah, but... Right. Tell yourself something like... "Oh, there I went again. OK, now I go back to where I was." OK.
18996	that has a bed in it so Candace could stay with us, I did all of that work. So particular, you know, just how guests. So maybe the more important things is Candace got in on Wednesday when Tanya was at work and so Candace and I sat and talked for a while. Then her sister I don’t know if I knew this and had forgotten it, but I think that I knew this. Her sister is bipolar and that was a real struggle with
19035	And it's just hard for me to look at Ivan and be, this is horrible, but to be satisfied - Mm hm. with the way that. So the only way I am coping with it is thinking, "This is just for now." Yeah. "He's trying to get on his feet. It's not the end of the world." This is actually the best job he has ever had in his life so far. Like the most responsibilities, the most skills to be developed. Mm hm. By far.
19063	Maybe but . . . If that was the case. You don't know if they're really pissed, but if they were is there something you could do to ease that? Other than spending more time at my place which, again, would require this planning or to have stuff to eat, because it's not like you've given others anything to eat, which is really annoying. Who does the shopping for food at Sydney's place? Everybody does their own food shopping, so people have different shelves of the fridge that are theirs.
19081	You know, I feel like it's things that have to be done that have to be done the second we both... Why should I be the one that has to say, you know, take the garbage out because it's Tuesday? You want to feel like he's chipping in and maybe even trying to take care of you? Yeah, I'd like to feel like, you know, I mean I guess my image of Harold retiring was that there would be some more time for him to take care of me because,
19088	I don’t know. I don’t know. I guess there’s just been a lot of stress and I’m worried. I don’t know. Because I know one his really good friends— I think his name is Harris. I usually always contact him when I’m worried about Stephen, but he was out of town. Yeah. I don’t know. His roommate is—I don’t know. Never get the phone. his phone is always off. So, whenever I try to contact him, I’m always—I don’t know. It’s only been ten years later. I don’t know.
19093	Oh yes, yes. Perhaps less politely than I would have liked. Can you tell me how that frustrated you? Yes, I guess I started the summary of the things that happened that week by saying that I did all the preparations for Candace to come visit. That takes time in addition to like spending some time with Candace, it took all weekend to sort of catch up on the things that
19137	Yeah. Harold doesn't understand that. I don't know if men just don't understand that. His theory is part of feeling that way is because we're not being intimate. If we would just be more intimate we would be able to handle those kinds of things better. I see, you know, I understand what he's saying, but it doesn't work like that for me. So what do you think of that? You're here to feel more in touch with your emotions and it's having the opposite effect.
19141	yeah, I guess I'm stuck on, can't know. It's not that I don't accept, like... yeah, obviously I cannot know, there is not a... but I feel like you're making a stronger claim than that, like, I cannot project with any reasonable certainty, that like, yeah, it's not 50-50, but I can't tilt it much past 55-45 or something. Well, then maybe I'm not giving you enough credit so far as not knowing what you feel she can and can't handle. No, I... you know, you're probably right. I just... I can't...
19156	" I'm like"No!"Yeah I wonder what your picturing when you say "I need more help." What looks...what would help? In theory I think it would come from our sets of parents. In theory it would be someone who could be calling him and checking up and finding out what's going on and be really like on board with his treatment plan and...I don't know if I should call it that but....Maybe for me somebody whose able to call and just "How's it going?"
19179	But I mean the, the hard part, the letting them know you've been looking is probably the harder part to craft than the, "Hello so and so." So I have faith in you. You can do scary things if you can get through panic attacks, which we know you can, you can do this too. Okay. I will see you next week at the regular time. Okay. Still nothing from the insurance?
19226	Yeah, I feel like, you’re a post-doc at Cambridge, put effort in, come on. And I’m kind of like, part of me is like did you get handed this last-minute, were you not initially supposed to speak? Is this a failure to prepare? Do you really not understand the racial politics? Are you just not talking about them? Because you don’t want to be controversial? This may be very naive on my part, but I would imagine the white person in African-American studies would have thought about,
19229	And he was like, okay, I quit. And I’m like thanks. Like it just feels so hopeless and I was considering like, I didn’t go in to work yesterday either because I was sick on Monday and yesterday I, like Monday night, I was feeling really suicidal and bad and depressed and I guess it wasn’t…maybe I wasn’t even suicidal. It was like the physical feeling of uncomfortableness and tightness from anxiety. That’s what I was feeling. That’s what I was feeling. So there wasn’t a thought, at that point.
19231	This was this is a very piece thing to say. You start elaborating on it. You have an idea and then you stop. And then you ask me. No. Because I'm saying I'm telling that, for me, it's something that's full of anxiety so I'm not really sure if that is freedom or if it's not. Whether freedom and anxiety could go together? I guess they do. But I'm saying, for me, they do. I haven't asked other people if that's the thing for them too.
19248	He can do it because he doesn't feel uncomfortable eating in his room, but it does seem problematic that he's feeling the need to retreat so much and it's uncomfortable for you feeling like well one, it's uncomfortable for you to kind of break this rule for yourself of eating in the bedroom, but also because you're kind of being forced to hide as well. It doesn't feel good to hide in a place where you're really living. I know, because my place seems unlivable, too. I think I just have to hold out another two months until September.
19263	Ok. So, you know, I started to try and avoid situations where I might get like that, basically. Right, so what kind of things are you finding yourself avoiding?
19299	it’s a little more show than tell. Mm-mm. You know like with Yvonne, you see it all over the place, Yeah. And you sort of see it demonstrated in how she talks. Yeah. But it’s not exactly what she’s talk – I don’t know if it’s what she’s talking about or not. No, it is. Yeah. How so?
19366	stopped thinking about work tasks, because it's only like two blocks away from here, so just from one place to the other. A short transition.
19389	And I wonder if having, you know, setting up some time to go to a place to go to separate from him that you're not reliant upon him being up at a certain time for you to go... Yeah. ...if that might, if that might actually feel good. It might. And then I'll get out of the house and like at least be doing something. Yeah. You get out of the house. You see someone. Yeah. Not that I'm necessarily that productive, but that's okay. But you get up and out.
19392	You'd feel less dependent on him for your day. Yeah. Except I... Yeah. I'm still not up for the past three weeks have stuck with the one application a week. You've gotten that in? Yep. Good job. Except that I have been gone and I actually did get two e-mails from two different physicians that I applied to that I did not get the position. But you don't... You have control of the sending it in piece.
19419	Because on the one hand I just cannot do this anymore, like I can't do this for five more seconds. On the other hand it's okay because I need to take care of him and he needs my help right now and he's my husband and he's really struggling but it's just like he won't get the help he needs. Actually Ramona, you're struggling too. But it doesn't matter! It does to me. But it doesn't even... Listen, it does to me. It does matter, it does matter.
19475	Even if I didn't have these stressors I might be feeling just as bad and it's just my brain not working and there's nothing I can do about my brain chemistry. I feel like the only way to control brain chemistry is through meds. I don't know how much trying to think differently would change that. What weds you to the idea of brain chemistry?
19492	OK, sorry. I get excited. I... Good. I'm glad. You seem less depressed. I am. See Even though we haven't finished the process. No, I... Is there some more disputing you would do? Yeah. And then is there not another step? Yes, there is another step and there is more disputing. OK.
19525	was really getting upset and I feel like it's now starting to effect, I don't know what I should say here but I feel like it's...not 'should' but, I feel like it's affecting my relationship as well and
19548	It's usually there. A lot of the stuff that I talked about a long time ago like the checking after flushing the toilet, usually that doesn't happen so much anymore. So that's a difference in your daily life, your having to combat things like that? Yeah. Maybe because I'm not feeling depressed every single day,
19550	Also, it matters because I don't want to just send a passport to this travel agent. I need a booking code or something so that the travel agent knows who these passports are for. I ended up reading the whole log of items and e-mails between my family and myself about this stupid fucking trip and I didn't realize until I read them all together in every single regard about this trip planning, they've been disrespectful and dishonest with me.
19569	When they're little they don't go flying into to each other; they just kind of bang into each other and fall down. They don't know what they're doing unless they have another brother, and then they dominate. I notice that with soccer. All the kids with older brothers were much better. I had a kid who scored seven goals who has two older brothers. They play with them more and they have to play up to their brothers.
19570	, then the converse is also naïve. Nothing’s perfect, so anything is okay is... equally ridiculous, really. Well, that’s sort of a permission, a blanket permission, then that’s a problem. That’s, yeah, and it often feels that way to me. It’s like, “Well, you know, we can’t make it perfect, so we might as well just not try to do anything at all.”
19647	play "woe is me," or... ...Unless you let myself. ...Unless I allow myself to. And when you make yourself depressed about either your physical condition or your doing this process imperfectly, what is the effective new philosophy?
19649	working placed with the exception of, you know, I know people who are working at libraries. And that is great except that because the system is so centralized that they have the same HR Department like doing the interviews for all of university like and like having been told when I was working at one department and asked about if like if I was to apply to somewhere at the university, you know, would knowing them help. And they say they don't get to see the applications or anything until it's like whatever stage, you know, maybe like the last round of interviews or something.
19662	And if you don’t feel better, stay there. I guess the first question is, does that seem – am I putting you in a reasonable position; I don’t want to put you in a position where you’re having to make a decision that’s overwhelming to you sitting waiting in the ER. And if that’s the case - Yeah, no, I mean if it starts to feel absurd to be there, then I’ll come home. I guess my question is, will they let me just leave? I don’t know. I would have assumed so, but I don’t know.
19688	I am on my own now and away from all of that. What about your children? Have they been exposed to any abuses? No way. I make sure that they are not left with anyone other than my sister and my grandmother - when she was alive. They don’t have sleep overs and they know about good and bad touch. How old are your daughters? One is five and one is seven. They are good girls.
19718	However, when one comes up with very clear "shoulds"... You kind of see... ...And you're not in a feeling of depression for days and months, and weeks... Right. ...It is fairly safe to assume that it is not the biochemical, but your "shoulds" that are creating or largely creating it. True. That makes sense, yeah. You know? It is it
19726	Yeah. Like yeah. Thank you for not explaining to me how both of those can be true. Sorry. I’ve had a lot of people explain stuff to me last week. Right. Like, “Yeah; no, no, I got it.”
19732	" And when you think about networking what you really want to think about is a branch of networks that are all interconnected and you don't know which one goes where. You start with the one piece you know and ask them to cast a wide net and then you hope that someone in that net, if they don't have something that works for you, they cast a wide net and that's what networking is. It's connecting people from different places to the mutual benefit of those two people that end up connecting in a new network and you're...
19741	Well, that I didn't feel at all. I think the thing is like it can only, it has to be something that takes up my entire like consciousness and stuff. Driving I can still think about other things. Walking to the post office I think about other things and so there I can just do these things while panicking whereas rehearsal like once I get into it is like, you know, takes up all my - You get absorbed in it. Yeah, so - It seems like
19802	And Sydney was like, oh well, you know. First he was like trying to help, but then I shot down his idea and then he got mad at me.
19808	The people who live in R.I. can apply for all the jobs in New Haven and Wallingford and stuff; but people who live in New Haven and Wallingford can't apply for R.I.. They'd be instantly rejected unless their cover letter had something that had they could move to R.I. for the job. I wonder if having a PO box in R.I. would be . . . except that it would be a PO box and they'd know that, so I don't think I have any friends who live in R.I. proper who I could pretend to be living with.
19813	“I know, but it’s interesting, right?” She was like, “Yes!” So that was good. But then like the second time she visited, we were sort of doing the same thing, and I don’t remember exactly what she said, but like something like touched in her, or like very much sort of hit me. And I’m like,
19839	like drives me crazy. Half the time, I like really just want it gone any way possible. So if the only thing that will make you…if you try those other things and it doesn’t go way and you’re at a place where you can’t stand and you want…
19848	Right, ok....call me Audry. Ok, I am the psychiatrist over here.... Ok. - Now what is...Audry....can I ask you how old are you Audry? How old, oh don’t, you’re only as old as the woman you feel aren’t you? I feel quite young and better than most women in their twenties. Right ok, so how old would that make you Audry?
19850	Nonetheless you have courageously demonstrated that even when you're suffering in those ways, you're able to make some helpful effort and change. Thank you. Gently, gently. So what am I telling myself? To make yourself depressed. Let's see...we'll start from morning. "You can't do your job efficiently..." And?
19865	...And disputing and disputation disputing and disputing, so that you create healthy emotions. Can you see? Oh, it is amazing. Uh-huh. Can I ask you, though I wanted to ask you this last week, actually do you feel, in being so experienced in REBT, that you need that the person I don't even want to say "should," but
19878	I was thinking there are a couple of pieces in that. One is that it's helpful to know why I'm not just commenting on the timeline of when you bring it up, but she may actually not think it impacts her mood the way you feel it might and so that's a useful conversation to have. It's also a conversation she really doesn't like having. She really doesn't like it when I suggest that this I have watched this thing impact her mood. Do you know why she doesn't' like it?
19888	Sometimes just the sensation of warmth or pressure can help to distract you from the other sensations that you’re feeling. Like you can really only feel one thing at a time, either pressure or temperature. The nerve endings are the same, so sometimes if you kind of confuse your body by giving it a new temperature, it starts to not really notice the pressure as much. So can this be a way, I mean you can feel both at the same time, but if you can wait, it sort of distracts you.
19897	Last January I was having a horrible time. I may have just before or just after having run away for some period of time, I don't know exactly, but I forced myself to go meet my parents and a friend of mine for dinner and I think it was right after Josh's ablation, first one. So he was in bad shape. I was in terrible shape and he said to my friend next to me that you know he was worried that Josh was going to die.
19903	Kind of not having much to say I think is working pretty hard not to lose it right now. So, I'm not really sure why. I mean it's just because my nose runs so much. Just why is this happening to me? Why is this my life? I'm so sorry that it is. Thanks.
19937	Yeah. I feel like you're either hoping that they can handle the same circumstance better or that for them the circumstance is less acute somehow. The only person I've talked to about Tanya's relationship is my best friend and that's because Tanya almost told him or told him most of it, but not enough, so he called me and said "what's going on?"
19939	Yeah. I'm really glad he finally got over the whole not seeing the doctor thing and then he's like, "Should I go in for an actual check up?" And I'm like, "Yes. You haven't had one in three years." So like sometimes we make progress but sometimes we still fight and like, you know, I was just so afraid on Saturday that like, you know, maybe we'll never be able to figure it out. And like I don't know a good solution other than don't sad mad when I'm mad or like have to keep everything in until I feel more calm which like I guess is the mature adult thing to do. But like I feel like then I don't get to accurately
19945	I said, "Why don't you book us straight from Boston because the surcharge from the travel agency is less than the cost of a plane ticket from Boston to L.A. In summary, please book us from Boston." He replies and says, "We booked you from L.A. You can call the travel agent if you want to go from Boston." I said, "But you asked me and I said, ‘Book from Boston.'" He was like, "We don't know your schedule."
20001	- I want to talk to the head person, I’m fed up with talking to the old nag rag, I want to talk to the engineer, the driver of this unit...no more monkeys. I want to talk to the top person, top boss, top dog, that’s who I want to talk to.
20017	so... It’s sort of like... you know, you were giving, in many ways, a very complex level of theory and... to... you know, it’s, I guess... it’s simple, in that it’s... It can be expressed simply, but it’s also...yeah, I guess I feel like, at the... as I understood
20055	Well, they don’t have it and they like their life and they don’t know, in some instances they can’t know what they’re missing and, also, people who have that extra sense can’t know what they’re missing by having it. I follow. Like the people in the conversation yesterday on Facebook are sort of making these comments and judgments very much within their own world view without necessarily realizing how much they are in their own world view. There is kind of another side.
20082	that oh, my daughter is on drugs. She would think I have the flu, you know what I mean? Like, she would never think that. I was like I just don't feel well, because I had decided, I think by the time we got there, I was feeling a
20090	her out for dinner a few days later for her birthday and she clearly was like, I don't know if she was offended by that conversation but said, ‘oh, no, no, no, you don't have to do that.' And then he like said he didn't actually take her out for his birthday. They're hard things to have happen at the same time. And then we didn't take her out because he like couldn't even walk to Staples. Not under your control or his.
20108	Yeah, I mean he knows that I'm actually not going to hurt myself, oh, what's the difference, like when he gets really crazy like he's done things like hitting his head on the floor or something. He drags himself from like trying to bash his head in on the wall, but still I'm not like Are you sure that he knows that you're not going to do it? Are you sure you know that you're not going to do it?
20109	Yeah, and then their friends it’s like a backstop, I guess. She isn’t. And you have to be for him and for yourself. Right. I don’t know. I mean, I guess I’m just—I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t really want to—I don’t know. I don’t know, spend too much time, I don’t know, thinking about her or when he, I don’t know, blame her or whatever, family. I don’t know. I need to worry about, I don’t know, other things.
20110	I wake up anxious during the night and sometimes must check things in the house like the windows, doors, coffee pot, and lights in the garage and closets. Then I try to go back to sleep and sometimes I lay awake for hours. So yes, my sleep is interrupted by the checking. Do these actions seem reasonable to you or more than you should be doing? Do you spend more time on these than you would like to? I feel that I must do everything three times.
20149	You don't have total control over what happens. Which is really annoying. I guess maybe I should be getting a spare pair, but I don't actually have my prescription now. Then again, I guess it's been over two years since I've gotten these so I probably am due for . . . and I guess now that my parents aren't paying for all the medical stuff, I don't know that I can afford an optometrist. I don't even know if my health insurance covers it so . . . I know what your benefits are, what made these decisions.
20162	So there's the problem. Yeah. Hurting yourself is hurtful. Yeah. There are really like so many injuries that people get that they like immediately recover from, you know, I feel like the concern with cutting yourself, not that I could do that with the whole and cutting things is that like the concern becomes that you're going to cut yourself too much and too much blood comes out. They're going to get an infection that there will be scars on your body or that you'll like, you know, cut the wrong way and like bleed out. Like,
20165	It is not not why, beating myself up, but just that it is so interesting I find it very interesting that this can happen, that this can even become... So answer your question "Why do I think like this? Why have I become like this?" The answer is... ...Because I have allowed myself to become that way. And perhaps you didn't know you had a choice.
20176	Like it's going on Tuesday. Is he the same person that you had seen when you're just there? Yeah. What did he do? I don't know. Very curt, a little brisk, I guess. It was okay. I had the impression that you're pretty relieved to be feeling a little better. I'm relieved to be. Yeah.
20178	that there is an element in which it’s like, it’s a particular feature of like, we are here having a conversation, and I think about something else for a while. But that’s a... that’s a feature of... of meetings, often. One person is usually talking, usually there is lots of other people who are not talking, so they’re doing something.
20180	The last time we did a little bit of deep breathing and then a very muscle focused one and today just chose something different because I want to give you options and you know try it out. You can try it when you're not panicking, but when you are panicking and know that you're safe. You know if you're sitting in a chair and start to feel a little bit dizzy, it's a different feeling but it's not a dangerous feeling to you. And sometimes people feel dizzy
20187	They're just like help you cut it and then they're just like, "All right, the way in is," you know, whatever. So there's no, "OK, here's what you need to do now" or anything like that, you know. I don't think it's kind of a scatterbrain. You really do the thing where you feel There's not a clinical term for it? There's some clinical terms.
20205	So now I basically have to sit for the next month and see if anybody calls me, so that's going to be hard. That sounds like fun. Oh, yeah. I have pretty much the same conversation with James once a week where I'm so anxious that I'm like, "Well, maybe I should just drop this altogether and look at other fields, like look for a different job altogether." James always says, "Well, if you take a fulltime job, you won't be able to teach next year.
20211	And when I would take it, I felt weird, you know, so I stopped. I was just like, this is crazy, so I turned to coffee. Because there was a story of a model in Florida that died taking a bunch of it. It was also used for weight loss. Right. So I think I might've even been taking it for that as well. It definitely suppresses the appetite. Right.
20286	Is James at home or out somewhere? He’s at home. Yeah. Did you watch anything yesterday? I don’t know. It don’t matter. No. Are you sure of that? Yeah. I of making it through the weekend. Yeah. I know I continue to put the decision about this in your hands, but I assume,
20298	Either you, if you say yes; if you say yes, then either my relationship with you will change in some way internally or I will feel a certain way. Or I won’t. And if I don’t, then that means something about my response to Tanya. It seemed like an important question to at least talk about this part of what we’re doing seemed important. I actually don’t know how much it matters…
20332	That's so much... as a scientist that's... those are... that's a terrible analogy. One, you can predict with far more accuracy than the other by... Mm-hmm. So that's what's wrong with the argument, because you can't know. You can have a fantasy that you can know. I understand your prediction is not 50-50 random guess, but you still can't know. But you certainly feel that your anger can be destructive.
20338	When I'm not really on top of everything? Shouldn't I be, after all...? No, it is... What do you mean "no?" Shouldn't I be an example of a really fine, efficient human being, especially if I I work with young kids and all? Shouldn't I? I can't. I mean, I can, which is funny.
20369	and I guess because I'm thinking if it were just life's stressors that I wouldn't be nearly as upset as I am. Because it feels out of proportion. Yeah, and I shouldn't be feeling like wanting to hurt myself or wanting to kill myself from any of these things. Normal people have job searches and moving and all of those things and don't feel suicidal. They might be sad or overwhelmed, but they're not to the point of wanting to kill themselves because it would make everything easier.
20404	My section stands the whole game. Wow. Because our angle, you know, we're in the corner. We just stand the whole game and tailgate. There are chairs but I stand, and my legs were pretty sore yesterday. Ian progressed a little bit on snowboarding. I think they were going a little higher up, so they were going a little faster. While all the other kids didn't need help, he was holding the instructor's hands down the mountain.
20451	The fact that he kept on telling me that it's okay and nobody minds . . . It's a really uncomfortable feeling to have someone be angry. I felt sort of betrayed by that. I wish he had done more thinking and actually had talked to people to see whether that was a problem, rather than just assuring me that it wasn't a problem when it actually was a problem. And he actually believed it wasn't a problem? Or you think he didn't . . .
20477	might have been a panic attack, but remembering how I felt later, I was really sick from this. So we started driving and I was just like blacking out as we were driving. I felt like I had this fever, like I was just on fire. Yeah, this was not a panic attack, I don't think. Maybe it was part both, you know? You sort of panicked, having that experience.
20480	Clearly you thought about it. I will say with the question about whether I was…I did sort of pause after you asked the question had I been pregnant before. And it wasn’t…
20494	Let's try make it an intention, is my recommendation, to do your best to listen to yourself as well as you might perceive that I listen to you. OK. Make sense?
20543	I'm saying that it can be difficult to diagnose ADD and people can often over-diagnose it. That's largely because there are other conditions that can result in the same symptoms. It's good to work with somebody who is more specialized. The most specialized people are neuropsychologists. The second most specialized people are usually mental health clinicians that work with kids. The third most specialized are pediatricians. Not that they're bad,
20554	I do, we’re going to need to stop James, but I do, I do agree that this sort of, this sensitivity you have, you know, this sort of acute sensitivity, is something to talk about and think about together, that there is a lot there. But, we do need to stop for today. So I’ll see you next week! All right, thank you.
20557	If there's ever a time when the thoughts turn into something that do need action and you need someone to help you stay safe, then you can either tell him that, "I need you to do this," or you call me or you call emergency service. There have been a couple of times where I've been like, "Maybe I do need to go to the ER," but I've never gotten to the point where I've actually . . . Where you've really needed that. Yeah.
20563	Yeah, so it's not working perfectly, you know, probably close to perfectly, but it does seem but something has changed and so letting yourself see those little pieces rather than it being all or nothing, rather than it's not working at all. Well? It does seem to be delaying the panic, making yourself recognize different shades of gray. I guess just like my whole understanding of the situation is you know like how
20565	And so when you ask about cognitive behavioral therapy the next step there so one step would be is what you just did for me this is the anxiety lie and here's another way to think about it. Maybe the anxiety feels really horrible right now but it wouldn't be better to die. That's an alternative belief and you just came up with it. The next piece is to look at what you said
20574	So it's nice, because it's like one of my... One of the things that I really hoped that I could do is do chemistry that he would find like in that class of things that really change the way you think about something. And so... you know, I guess I'm proud of having done that. And so that changed my general feelings about getting it done I think. Put me in a place where I feel less like... Put me in a place where I feel more like it would be a very reasonable choice for someone to hire me. So I feel less trapped in that regard also.
20595	I don't know. Maybe. Maybe in degrees he could. I don't know if it would work out. Sometimes when he gets that depressed he keeps on saying that he thinks he can't do X, Y, Z things that I think he can do, but I'm not him. I don't know if it's a cop out or if it's . . . He thinks his depression makes it so he can't physically do whatever thing and I think his depression is telling him he can't do that thing, but he could get around it.
20604	I feel like it’s less important for me to tell you about it when I’m doing better, like when I’m sad or desperate I describe it constantly inside my head. What would I say? which is a little depressing in itself. Are you thinking that it seems a little less self-reflective or more bland or something?
20621	family and it does give you at least a brief moment of respite from your worries and sometimes you know getting a little break from it is what you need. It doesn't necessarily change a whole day of what you're feeling. It gives you a break from it. With a regular practice of meditation you know a lot of people do get a more standing benefit of decreased anxiety, increased acceptance. Is he receptive?
20626	Maybe it's to compete more with Lucille if it's around her. Sure. He's used to me ignoring him. No. It's probably not that. I mean, I don't know how much you ignore him, but it's not something kids get used to. I don't ignore him that much. He asks so many damned questions. He sounds like a very energetic, vigorous, curious, active kid. Yeah.
20633	No, it's not. I just don't want to be this overweight. I guess it's just discouraging that he can do it with seemingly little effort. And that it's taking more effort for you. Yeah. I can understand that it feels frustrating. Considering I'm adding the vegetables to my diet, shouldn't that be helping? I mean I guess it's helping eating healthier, but it might not be helping. Are you replacing something? Are you using the vegetables to replace something else or are they an addition to what you were eating before?
20644	Was that what you were doing when you were overweight as a kid, were you binge eating? Mm-hmm, but not in front of people. I would do it when I was by myself. Like at night?
20665	James, you know, at the end of the day thanked me for taking care of myself. You know, for actually just saying, "Well, I'm not going to be able to get anything done today. I just need to take a day off." Yeah. But I felt so bad. I hate that. Yeah, I hate myself when I'm like that. I don't know why I can't just get over it or push through it or something. Yeah,
20669	So I can’t ever have a party and I haven’t done things with friends in like forever and it made me really sad. And I feel like I have no friends because Sydney is like, why don’t you just have a couple over. And I’m like if I did, the couple that I’d want to have would be Lucy and Walter, but they’re, you know, they moved to Florida like a year and a half ago now. And you miss them. Yeah. I just don’t feel like I have any close friends anymore and I just couldn’t think of any way.
20706	Sometimes it turns out that I end up going to bed later than I would have liked and I'm still able to get up to work the next morning. Sometimes it ends up with me getting to work later. I've never been at the point where I had gone to work and didn't have anything to eat for lunch. That's good. I don't think I've ever had to miss dinner, either. Is that what you're worried about when you're worrying about not having enough time? Are those the things you're worried about?
20716	This is why I'm having a hard time at this one. Because of your demand that you should be perfect? Yes. So I apologize for not being able to come up with the perfect answer right now. But that is obviously how I torture myself throughout the day.
20720	I can't turn to my husband and say "I'm having a really rough time with your mood swings." I can't do that, I can't say "It really hurts me that you don't support me going to school." I can't do that. I can't... What if in a couple sessions you said "I'm terrified. I am absolutely terrified."
20743	that makes him stressed to be there. We usually end up going to his place because it's easier. I think he'll change when I get to my new place. It feels like those roommates are relaxed. It's nice and it's a lot closer to his place. There are really nice cats there. That will make a difference. That and the whole not having a gluten-free kitchen means not having to worry about going to a restaurant, getting leftovers and not being able to heat them up. I still have to hold out until September. It's the end of June so I still have all of July and August. If I can hold out I'll be fine
20778	but I don’t think he’s very clever. He’s not very clever because he’s not, ok....getting to this you see, he won’t let me talk about this. He sort of listens to it sometime but then sometimes he doesn’t. Right. Can I just clarify why you are here and why I’m here, I’m the psychiatrist... Well I’ve come to see you....in the emergency clinic today.
20817	One of the major symptoms of hyperthyroidism is increased anxiety and one of the major symptoms of hypothyroidism is tiredness and depression. For awhile I don't remember if I told you this, but for awhile she hadn't had the thyroid nodes checked in months and finally did get them checked and she had hyperthyroid numbers, which is the result of essentially taking too much of the thyroid medicine.
20821	I become mad and I feel like I’m less concerned about how other people are going to feel about the things that say than I usually am, which in itself is probably a good thing. But nobody seems to mind. But I can see, in addition to that how, it reflects you’re not doing well, partly because of – it sounds like you’re saying - Yeah. That you feel more abandoned. Yeah. You meant abandon, not abandoned, right?
20861	what the answer to the question is. And I think well it is vaguely related. It is, in a lot of ways, related to my friend Franco, if something is too uncomfortable for him, he will just lie to my face. I’m kind of okay with it, and I’m kind of really not okay with it.
20882	But what does that...I made the horrible mistake the other day saying "I feel like you're two people sometimes, like I feel it's a different personality some times." I made the horrible mistake of that and then days later he said "You called me schizophrenic." I'm like "I never used that word Ivan, like that is so..."  Which is not...schizophrenic is very different than he would be two different people. That's totally different diagnoses. He's not schizophrenic I don't think. So like I really want...
20887	Mm-hmm. And I felt that like rush up my it's like a warm feeling, like my chest gets really hot, almost like there's hot liquid shooting up from here. I thought I was going to vomit at first, but it was yeah. Was having that bad cocaine experience, was that the first time you had a panic attack?
20921	And it's a fine line, it's on a continuum, they're not discrete categories being considerate of others' needs, sometimes means bracketing your needs a bit. Sure. Then, sort of extrapolate out, you know, in and being especially considerate of being desperate. Right.
20946	I made one when I was a kid but I remember nothing about making it other than I won the silliest car, funniest car. I made, like, a Dotson, you know. I don't even remember why it was funny. Ian wants to win the silliest car but we're not making a silly car. I don't know. OK, I think you could do a fine job if you spent, you know, 20 or 30 minutes on Google and YouTube. When am I going to do that? Maybe took a trip to, like...
20948	But if you know that they're thoughts that you're not going to act on, maybe what you want to say to him is, "I'm feeling really sad. Can I have a hug? I'm having a hard time right now. I'd feel better if we could cuddle." Maybe those are the things that you need to share with him. That sounds like it would work. Yeah. I don't know if he'd then be okay with me still crying, but that would at least be better.
20990	So yesterday she sort of said in a slightly peculiar way, goodbye James, which she never really says my name when she’s saying goodbye. I don’t know why, I think. And, you know, so I was concerned for a portion of the day that she was going to kill herself. I think that expresses my feelings about truth and dangerous or something, too.
20993	Something about stopping and holding that felt different.
20998	that was it for video game; like not much fun when you can’t get out of the corner. So that’s what I feel like. Now, my sensation to not being able to get out of the corner in a video game, is that it’s kind of disorienting, among other things. Like you can’t – they move, and you can’t figure out where you’re looking, and - Yeah, and in that game, everything’s dark the entire time. I’m like
21027	but I couldn't stop also not being angry about her misrepresenting our conversations and the conversations she has had with a lot of good people who had advised her in one way or another that there are career things to consider also when one is getting an education.
21067	It was a short time. And the good news I know we have to come to an end now in this session, but the good news was that I did actually speak to him the next day, and he was angry at me because I didn't actually reach out to tell him that I was going to the doctor. And I used your tactic to tell him that I wasn't going right away
21091	I should not make my girlfriend feel like she is responsible for this. Oh, God, this is interesting; yeah, I guess it is. What are the it is the "shoulds" and the "musts?" I must go to work; if I don't, I will be looked I'll look down at myself, I'll let down the kids, I'll disappoint...
21112	And whether that be driving someplace and doing laps in a mall or finding a clear path. You get creative, you can find ways to overcome some of the challenges so that you don’t have to put doing something good for yourself on hold so long. Like laps of running or laps of walking? Walking. Okay, because running in the mall… You can walk laps around any indoor space.
21125	Anyway, when I like involve myself, or fend for myself, there’s at least a presumption that things could be different. But I don’t feel like that’s a possibility.
21130	because like you know when I take the medicine at night that I'm supposed to take at night that's supposed to help with the panic you know, and then an hour later I'm still panicking. Maybe it's not I would have been panicking even more and maybe I'm panicking less but I'm just panicking so much that I can't tell the difference. Sometimes - You know like if my panic level was at 200 and now is at like 250 and so - Right. Maybe you don't notice the difference. Absolutely. Yeah.
21137	Like, yeah, there'll be both of these things. You'll have to deal with some bad things, but there'll be good things. Well, it's not been a whole lot of good things, so... What are you thinking about? I was thinking about the other difficult part of it, which was the family entire. In the entire scope of the weekend I didn't... So Tanya's father and her sister both come to visit us in Andover, but I haven't seen or really spoken with either of them in five or six months. So...
21169	But you don't. But I don't have the ability to because I'm too focused on being right and I don't have the ability to I don't know if I want to be comfortable though at the expense of believing something that isn't true, if I, I don't have that sort of will power to believe something that isn't true. I'm too skeptical. But you're not skeptical of your own beliefs. Well, sometimes I am, but it depends on the situation.
21231	Yea. And I was asking him. But I was like because he knew this girl too. And I was like, "So just to make this clear. You have absolutely you feel absolutely nothing negative when I tell you about her entry." He's like, "Yea, I don't." And I'm like, "Wow." I'm like totally insecure. And you're like and I mean, he's like, "No. I know what I have to get done." And I'm like, "How can you not feel like what you're doing might not be as significant or as popular as what she's doing?
21246	You would think that I was going somewhere but . . . I know this is how Amanda works, so that also makes it hard. She has much more polarity than I do, in some ways. So I feel like sometimes I talk to her from time to time and it will be like she just has this completely different idea of what her life looks like in one conversation than a week later.
21273	It's interested, because I was thinking that when you share something that you really need help with, you're actually assuming that that person would be able to deal with it better than you, right? I'm not saying you feel that way, but that's sort of the reason about talking about this with someone, that it's too much for you. You're hoping they'll actually help you deal with it.
21277	"And I can keep investigating and can stand not having the one perfect solution, which may not even exist." How does that sound? It sounds great. There may be no perfect solution. I will continue to investigate and check out different options in order to feel better, physically. There may not there may not be one perfect answer. "And I can stand it?" And I can stand it. I'm not going to fall apart or
21297	it was okay to do it. That I thought it was okay to be snorting cocaine in the first place, and that I thought it was okay to drive myself and my good friend to go meet my mom and go to a Red Cross information session? Like, I don't even know what...
21310	Yeah. But it's like, I don't know. Like sometimes I have more control than others, but like, you know like I don't control whether or not I have rehearsal. That's like based on the semester and stuff and whether or not we have a concert coming up so you know I had a tech week last week but this week I only had rehearsal on Tuesday night because -
21341	I think really she's actually liked everyone she's seen not in the hospital in Andover very well, so I think maybe there are some leftover biases from poor treatment when she was young. I guess we're going to need to stop in a moment. There is certainly more for us to talk about. I guess, in a sense, what we're talking about, what I'm communicating, is I'm challenging some of the assumptions about how it just logistically made sense that within the logistics there is a lot of meaning behind that,
21368	I can try to respond more calmly but I don't think I'm going to get any less like mad about it. Like I have the right to be mad. He's like, "You can't be mad at me. Don't be mad at me." And I'm like, "You know, I'm allowed my emotions." Yes you are. So all I can really do is just not respond right away and... Why can't you be mad at him? Can he explain why it's not okay for you to be mad? No. He said it's...
21400	put them our forehead across, and say, “Remember that you are dust, and unto dust you shall return.” It’s like one of my favorite services in the year, actually. But, Lent is hard, because it’s sort of traditionally about like repentance, and atonement, and thinking a lot about. I see.
21405	I'm not at all questioning how you feel. You know, do you feel overwhelmed, do you feel anxious and do you feel helpless. I absolutely believe that you do. I know you're not making that up and I know it's really unpleasant. Absolutely. I'm not sure. Is this, like, a bid for attention? Do you want somebody to run in and help you out and fix it and make it better and tell you what to do? Is it because, you know, if you found instructions then you'd actually feel responsible
21410	Yeah. So if you're suffering, it means you're going to be by yourself. Yeah. Which, again, is probably some broader existential question, but I'm not intending . . . No, it's okay. Clearly. I talked to my sister on the phone yesterday and I was doing pretty badly. She was having a good day.
21421	I hear a lot of "suffering will bring you closer to God" and I hear a lot of "suffering will help you be a better person", "understand other people better" or "be closer to other people." I don't feel like either of those are the case. I feel like I just get more and more alone and less and less capable of seeing anything outside of my self. I agree that for you that's often true.
21433	I mean you’re still probably pretty worried about those things. I don’t know. I don’t feel like it. Oh good. Yeah. I don’t – I don’t think that that I’m worried going forward, because I cannot tell James things. Like
21452	Ok looks like 5’5". Go ahead and have a seat. How much? Can I please see what the scale says? I’m fat. Please sit up and I will listen to your heart and lungs. Fine. You know that is not a positive part of your treatment. We have discussed this before. You are here today because your nutritionist and your mom are both very concerned about you. You are very ill, Meg. I am fine. I am eating.
21456	Yeah. I think it’s even more particular than that. That the point of keeping people out, or away from what’s going on, especially like bad things you feel, I think has been because you anticipated that like that would give them a kind of – that would give other people a kind of access to you that would be very dangerous.
21487	In any case now you can continue to make effort and change what has felt so automatic until now because indeed it was modeled, you didn't question it, you took it on and so it became your attitude towards yourself, from what you told me. I didn't know there was anything wrong. But now you do. Now you do. Unhelpful attitude to yourself. Okay. That's true.
21499	So is that voice of, "I should be doing this right or it should be easier" coming up? Mm-hmm. What are you going to tell that? Shut up. All right! Now dispute.
21503	Yeah. Part of this thing where I’m sort of like “waffle waffle” on is, sci-fi conventions vary a lot, and Arisia is definitely, I don’t know how to say it. It’s kind of rowdy. It’s a little bit rowdy, it’s a little bit drunk. It’s kind of focused on sex a little bit. Which comes under the long boring 25-year argument with another sci-fi convention in the area. So… So there is more of
21528	It’s certainly not clear to me whether this is just going to be a life-long illness that will basically have this course. Or whether she will get better. It could really go either way. And A, that you have to think about whether either of those situations are okay, and if you ultimately want this. You know that was strikingly direct. I appreciate it.
21554	and you're not making it up and it's okay to get upset about that or you found a suicide note today, oh my gosh let me listen or let me come over and just hang out with you." I don't know something, but quite frankly I have you and I have my sister and I'm even reluctant...I told her about the note and stuff which I didn't want to do but I really needed to have somebody... Of course you did.
21571	like intrinsic question to me or someone. Sort of like, "Well, it seems like I can't have these things. Is it even okay to want them?" Or something like that. A way in which it's draining is I like to be around people who are excited about something. You know, about particularly about what they're doing, or what they're reading or thinking about, or something. It's just... But... And you've felt like that's not present in Tanya.
21588	" And that's absent so it's all the more infuriating for you. The problem is what if that's what's you're going to get? What if that's who they are? I don't know, I really again I kept trying to emphasize to Dr. Farrow cause I feel like this has been really clear in me for quite a while is I really need something more and it's not...so she's like "Do you need to see
21627	But I'm kind of a little sad about theater department. I went to see my roommate yesterday and she said she keeps they keep finding people. But some for some reason these people don't want my room. So I've already paid for the December rent without actually living there. And I've paid for the January rent also. I feel really bad about this. Just working out $800, $900 a month without like sort of just wasted. So... I mean the reason why I wanted to leave the place I mean, we've talked about all of the
21640	Okay...here it is: "What am I telling myself to make myself depressed?" When you said just now "I'm a fallible human," you jumped already to the E the effective new philosophy. Let's figure out again what you're telling yourself to make yourself depressed, and I'm not overlooking the fact that your physical pain and the steroids and whatever is going on chemically is having some effect. Yes.
21650	From Malasian libraries. I’m just sort of like “Hmmm”. And the post-doc being white wouldn’t necessarily have been a problem on its own, I’ve certainly met her before, but it just all coalesced into me feeling really frustrated and uncomfortable and not being able to leave easily because her talk she was being filmed. So... I see, there would have been film of you getting up and walking out. I see.
21655	Uh huh. And you can see if the warmth is soothing. Or run some really hot water in to water bottle and do the old-fashioned hot water bottle and just give yourself that warmth for a little bit and see if it opens up. Those are little things you can try. Okay. Why don’t we stop there for today? Okay. And I will see you Monday at our regular time. Yeah. Can I borrow a pen so I can write you a check? Sure. Speaking of favorite color, I have green, blue, purple, or red.
21677	I was thinking that. It's not like you guys have to stay here because you both have jobs here and you can't leave. It's true. For a while we were here because Tanya was going to school. And then we were here because Tanya had Chad here and it has been hard for her to find a therapist with whom she can work well, or at least it seemed hard to her.
21687	We need to talk more about it. I wish I’d thought this through more carefully. And the medication obviously may have, but also just, I sort of don’t buy that you get that irritated by being worried about being irritated, compared to how you usually are for something like this, you know? Even if it was so marked, it doesn’t sound like, unless I’m misunderstanding, the kind of difference caused by “I’m just focused on being irritated,
21723	Sorry, I assume that was your lunch. Oh, that’s all right, don’t worry. No, I don’t really“Hey – hey, it’s Tanya. Hey are you there? James? Yeah, okay, sorry. I’m still at therapy. Chad wants me to go to ER, so can you come over? Okay, thanks. Thanks.” Do you know how long he’ll be? Probably ten minutes.
21812	though you don’t necessarily think her kid should be with her ex, that, you know, you don’t feel like you’d be her friend, if you didn’t tell her you thought you could handle her kid, you know, she shouldn’t handle her kid. Whatever; some kind of limit that would also help to protect you. But
21818	I hope you do. Even people with psychoses, who manage them with appropriate medication...can benefit .... Right. ...At the very least, I've seen many work on adopting greater unconditional self acceptance where they remind themselves that they have worth, even with their disability. Wow. So how come they don't have this more in education...? I don't know, but let's get back to looking at you.
21921	A little. I'm not sure if any of the people at the library and the museum know an institution center closer to me that might be looking. I feel like if they did then that would be a good way to go because everybody in the museum thinks that my work is really good. One of the great things about doing this work was to work in the field and make contacts and start developing relationships with people that actually know your work.
21930	like shouldn't a medication change which I guess it has if there's stuff like okay now I'm not panicking every morning, I'm just you know it pushes it off until the afternoon and maybe I should call again and ask her about levels, what if I took half in the morning and half in the afternoon and split it up more?
21960	Especially because you know, it's one thing to talk to the person you know and ask if they can like ask for you. You know, they can vouch for me but like the next person in that line doesn't know me. But they're not vouching for you. Yeah.
21963	So what about choosing the stairs on the way up too? Is that something you feel like you could do? I guess it depends on what I have on. When I had on…the day that I had my backpack and my computer, like I guess I could of. I just was afraid I was going to hurt my back like carrying it up the stairs. I don’t carry that much on me I could. What floor is your apartment?
21995	And "You are here with a neck brace and everybody's going to think that there's something really wrong with you, that you're a mess." Those thoughts won't create depression. What do you add to them? They don't? No, not on their own. Okay I'm frustrated with myself. That doesn't create depression. I want answers to what's going on.
22021	she sent him an e-mail, basically. Very rude.“You owe me this amount or you can sign over the lease to your car.”I’m like,“What the fuck?”I think this is just—not that—I don’t think it’s so much the money’s the issue. It’s just － Asking. the—getting—how he allowed himself to get into this situation. I don’t know. Kicking him while he’s down, I guess. I don’t know. Yeah. I don’t know. So, he told me was going out with some friends Saturday night,
22030	And for most of us our heart rate will go up and down all through the day, but most of us don’t worry about it because we don’t notice it, but because you’ve had a panic attack, you’re there thinking ’ooh what’s my heart doing?’, Yeah. And then the minute it starts to change you clock it, you notice it, and then you start to get anxious thoughts, so you might start worrying. I really do start worrying, yes so I keep thinking is it going to be now, you know is my heart going to stop beating.
22059	rely on me when I share these things. Phrasing that seems sort of absurd. But I felt like I talked many times about how strange it is for me to be in a relationship where like I share all of these intimate things and now myself like, you hear, perhaps; occasionally I mentioned in passing the good things in my life. But mostly I talk about the bad things here. So that’s
22069	Jess just needs to get her stupid clients to call the right number, you know. I tell her about it but I'm sure she forgets that she's got it, you know. Hopefully the person that they have an appointment with is good at diagnosing this stuff or is able — Well, there's a six month wait to see this person, so they're clearly a specialist, you know. Right. Alright, whatever.
22141	which is kind of like, it’s really harder to describe. It definitely cemented in my mind that I don’t think I like, at least right now I am not liking that genre of convention, like, which is, I love the costuming that people do, but about half the other things, I was just like no. I just... like having programming running, like, all through the night. So they’re doing gaming and movies. Twenty-four hours.
22155	And then the kid just has a total meltdown, and says you know, goes into a total kid mode of, “You’re not the boss of me; you’re not my mom; you can’t tell me what to do; I want to talk to my mommy.” And then it’s just like a zillion times worse. It’s just like there’s no – I mean I guess there is no reasoning with, you know, a kindergartner no matter what, but
22166	Well, maybe whoever is referring it thinks it might be something else as well. That's a very good point. I'm sure there could be conditions that could look like ADHD that are better ruled out by a developmental pediatrician than by a mental health person that. I'm sure tomorrow, that's when the pediatrician recognizes that Jess is completely overwhelmed and just can't handle, you know. Right. You know, I don't see it.
22169	Trying to focus your mind on things that you can do rather than letting it be filled by whatever pops up which right now when it's empty, the thing that pops up is not feeling good. Question. Should I be like looking into cognitive behavioral therapy group thing? We do lots of cognitive Okay. So would that like be - So the behavioral piece of cognitive behavioral is some of the actions that I encourage you to take,
22216	Yes. So you're doing your job. Yeah. And the temp agency hasn't come through with anything yet? No. I'm going to call... I mean, they sent they said like skipped a week of Christmas and New Years. Right. Mm hmm. So I'm going to call, I don't know, maybe tomorrow or something but they've not come through with anything yet. I will follow up and put it on your list that one of your jobs is to follow up with them tomorrow. Yeah.
22268	He just started yelling at me again. He told me I was selfish and I wasn't thinking about his feelings and he wished that he could believe that I loved him, but he can't because if I did I wouldn't be thinking about suicide and it would destroy his world. What if I attempted suicide and failed Then I would be mentally disabled like his brother and, "Do you really want to be like my brother? Do you really want to have that level of mental reasoning?" You're feeling extremely sympathetic with him, I'm sure, at that point.
22278	should do the same. So, yeah, I always thought that I had it worse than everybody else in the family, but it doesn't seem to be the case. My dad was telling me that he really struggles with it, and my grandmother apparently really struggled with depression. My dad and most of his siblings, he's the youngest of five, and
22283	Yeah. And also, I mean, a lot of what she was talking about, I was like, “That’s what I did as an undergrad in Folklore and Mythology”. Some of these things that she’s talking about. Sorry, did you say you did your undergrad in - No, so some of the things she’s talking about are things that I did as an undergrad in Folklore and Mythology. So like, going out into the community, and collecting stories, and interviewing people... Oh, I see, yes. That makes sense. Yeah.
22402	How is that? It's okay. I got the AC in the room so now it's livable again. It's a little bit annoying in terms of having food that I actually like to eat around and we still haven't made a trip to Hamden; but if we go out to eat for meals and stuff then that's not such a big deal. My room is chaotic, but it's not as chaotic as before, so it's like I can sleep in it without it being an issue.
22434	If you e-mail me the list of people in your insurance who are in the area, I can look through it and see if there is someone I know, unless you think you might know somebody already. It will probably mean a bunch of calls Yep. Okay. All right. We can stop with that for now. It just seems like that's a good ball to get moving. You've probably tried about a million things for sleep, so I'm not going  to try and suggest anything for sleep because you've probably already tried it a few times and it doesn't work
22436	a few more breaths memorizing what it feels like to be as relaxed as you are and when you feel ready let yourself carry that feeling back with you to the room taking it with you. Good job. And I will see you in two weeks or a week and a half, that's a Friday. At 3:30. At 3:30, yeah. We're back to old fashioned
22490	Somebody like a — What is a developmental pediatrician? Well, it's a pediatrician who — well, there are special developmental fellowships, I think, where they — I don't know a lot about it, to tell you the truth, so maybe I — I think they do more training in socio-emotional stuff. See, when I want to cover my ass, I tell people they've got to talk to a lawyer, and you're doing the same thing. You're like "Oh, they need some mental health."
22493	order to maintain it, I have done it more than just in my relationship with Tanya. And it's hard to notice at first, in some sense, because I usually try to be a considerate person, taking into account the needs of other people. So this, in a sense, plays directly into a worldview that I already have and so it's, I think it's hard to notice or has been hard to notice that.
22510	“I just want him to come home.” And I’m like,“Well, that’s not an option. I don’t think that’s good for him” I don’t know. I don’t know what it is. This lack of look into things, do things, I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know, but it’s. Well, maddening in two respects. One, in which . . . . . . it would be good from practical point of view, because she just dealt with this, rather than being so passive. But in other ways, I think it’s . . . imagine her passivity and floppiness and maybe even paralysis really pushes a button for you.
22559	Probably reassuring for you. And I don’t hear in the way you’re putting it, amounts toward her, like it doesn’t sound to me like you are saying this with intents to be critical of her per say. More like, I mean you are critical of how she is with the kid, but you’re protective with the kid. Yeah.
22560	And it seems like, the more I try to recapture a sense of self, the more I am like, what the hell was all of this? And the... You know, I think you've noticed that I value personal responsibility. And we've talked about, to what extent is this Tanya's fault or not Tanya's fault? And so the farther we get from it the... I guess the more a claim of a lack of control or whatever seems like a convenient excuse or something. On her part. Yeah. Yeah.
22564	And could include one around the activating event connected to your girlfriend and your expectations of yourself.
22575	But yeah. I mean I definitely, like, was way more annoyed at people at Arisia than I think I’ve ever been at, say, like, WisCon or one of the other cons I do.
22607	What, in terms of like…I mean there’s…I sort of understand like. I have some awareness of why you’d be thinking about this; about Tanya in particular. But it seems like there’s a lot more to it than just what you said in terms of how you think about having a family or not having a family. So she’s working as a nanny for three small children right now,
22638	Right. You know, one reason, I mean it ends up being sort of circular, but it’s similar to thoughts of like, why aren’t there a lot of women in IT? Well, they get harrassed and it’s really frustrating, or assumed to be inferior and they don’t get hired, so why would you do that? I found her idea that just encouraging them through a sophomore seminar is fixing the problem to be incredibly naive. Ironically
22643	and that was helpful in the short-term. That’s not particularly helpful in like which of those will I end up or should I end up on. And the third is to sort of attempt to estimate the uncertainty we’re bounded in some way. I’m not sure that’s actually feasible here either. So I didn’t hear real well beyond that, just said something about uncertainty. I don’t know what to do about that.
22653	kind of angry abandon that’s got me concerned in a way that I think I was at times last year. My worry about that, is – I mean my concern from like a psychological point of view is that this will convey to you that there’s something about that kind of anger or hostility, being with James that you know, is always going to be too dangerous. So I’m somewhat concerned about that.
22675	What did it do for you?I don't remember in freshman year. I mean, I was a mess freshman year, like it took me a year
22682	we were going to a party, and one of my friends had some. I was really nervous, like I was like is it going to hurt, what's going to happen? It was that girl that I was like, infatuated with, she was doing it, and so I was like okay, I'll try it. And I remember nothing happened, I didn't feel anything, and I was like that's stupid, like I don't feel it. Because I had smoked pot throughout the year and liked it.
22685	One of the reasons that she’s able to…she works as a nanny three days a week, ten hours a day, which is really intense. It’s pretty tiring for her, but being a parent is 164 hours a week. You don’t take time off. That’s not to say that one can’t construct one’s life so that the children go to daycare or have a nanny. The parents don’t share the labor, but it’s always there. You don’t walk away from it. Like she could
22710	Yea, it's just like I don't know with. I just feel like there's so much suppressed stuff now. It's just going to be suppressed. I wanted to give him this book for his birthday. But I couldn't even bring myself to mailing it or telling him that I bought it. So... keeps telling me, "He treated you really, really badly." And he even said yesterday, "Are you going to ruin your career your dreams just because of him? You're so you're obsessed with him." And I was like, "God, I hope not." So...
22747	You're burdening her. And in reality she's just like, "It's fine. If I would have tried on that I would have taken a little longer too." Mm hm. It's so striking how quickly it can escalate to, "I hate myself." Which is such a strong thing to say about yourself. It doesn't. I think I have normalized it. Wow. Not to be But it doesn't - No, no, I hear you. I hear you. have a huge impact on me.
22827	but the part about Tanya and this emotional affair being less likely to discuss that with your parents or whomever seems like a different category than Tanya's illness and the extent to which she was suicidal. But somehow you see that as similar maybe? I'm not sure. Yeah, it's not like I haven't told anyone that she's suicidal, but how many details do they need? I feel like the details drive it home more, make it hurt more.
22833	But, again, why would you not be waiting for that right now? And why also, for example, would it not freeze you up from leading a regular, humdrum life?
22872	my antidepressants are working to some degree because may be if I were off of them I don't know if I was off of them if I would completely be sad all the time or if it's just that my depression only shows up some of the time and they're not doing anything. Right. It's not really an experiment to want to do. This is not a controlled study. It would be really a bad idea to just go off of everything. Yes.
22877	which is like you get baptized as an infant and then, at least in Episcopalian and I think in Catholicism and, I'm sure, in some other religions, but you get confirmed as a young adult as like entering into an adult relationship with the church and saying, "I affirm these things and this is who I want to be and this is where I want to be." You usually get confirmed when you're like 13, not when you teach the confirmation class.
22884	You know, that’s why I have to come see doctors, places, hospitals and things like that because they have clever people, you’re a clever person... Right. So do you feel as if you’re more clever than perhaps other people? Well, well, well yeah. You know I’m certainly more clever than those people at work....Ok. ...you know cos they’re a bit thick.
22897	She was the one who told me to do Benadryl. Right, which has the same stuff as She got really aggressive about monitoring my sleep hygiene and telling me I had terrible sleep hygiene; and to do better and these sleep problems would just go away if I followed the rules better. She did nothing? Nope. Have you ever tried I had not. I guess I'm thinking it might be good to get you a new prescriber.
22913	about children and why she's ambivalent and she's pretty sure she doesn't want them. There's one really good part towards the end where she's like, "In the end, I think what it is, is that I don't want to love anything that much," and that's something that I know is in me. I don't want to. I was like, "Wow, that's such a simple way to say it." I know exactly what she's talking about. There is something perversely freeing in not going therecompletely.
22924	How are you? Right now I'm great. Well I'm glad to hear that. It's been a terrible week. Aw. Well, not a terrible week, sleep-wise, but just not a very good week. Josh made me go running this morning with the dog. So I feel pretty good right now. Because he thought you'd feel better?
22929	and then at the very end she asked me, "Are you depressed?" I go, "A little bit." She was like, "Oh, we don't want to go down on the Wellbutrin if you're depressed," so I have to lie to her next time. "No, I'm not depressed. I'm feeling great." You want to go down and I guess your concern is making you more anxious? Could you tell her that, that that's more of an issue than your depression?
23019	little bit it had passed a little bit, so I think I had decided that I was going to try to just like I felt really sick and I wanted to go throw up somewhere. So, we went to the building where the Red Cross thing was being held and it's a federal building, so we had to go through security. I had this gram of cocaine in my purse, that I just stuck on the security belt. Nothing happened, but I
23022	I felt much less like I was floundering. Good. So thanks. I think you asked the question did I feel like I was floundering in my everyday life. I think I sort of said yes yes and no. The answer is probably more yes than no in some ways. But like this is an anchoring point in some sense. So, uh helpful to be here and particularly helpful last week so, thanks.
23039	Really mothering in a very loving way. In a very caring way. Not in a controlling way. Mm hm. Mm hm. But I feel really bad about that. That must be exhausting for her. Well she's doing it in a way that should have happened with your own mother, so that your sister and you could be freed up to have a sister relationship instead of more of a mothering one. So that's what's so complicated.
23057	There is evidence that your positive change is possible. You and I have agreed that you're getting better at catching your should's, your language is changing, you're speaking in language that indicates you're taking responsibility for your emotion rather than blaming the circumstances for example when you say "I 'make myself' hysterical," so there IS progress. Now back to Friday night.
23076	I remember there was one time we decided we'd try it before class, and that was when, after I did that I was like, all right, I think this is going I noticed that my friend Amy, who was like my cocaine buddy, I was like maybe we're on different pages with this, if she's going to be doing this before class, because at that point,
23083	I just think it’s a little depressing that what I feel is so urgent for me to put out in the world is all the worst stuff that happens that is inside of me. The good things seem less important to spread around and – I don’t know – I don’t really think I’m comfortable with that idea. I guess I also feel like everyone would understand what it feels like to be doing pretty well and enjoying my job.
23124	The affair mostly took place during the war. She broke it off with him completely unexpectedly a year and a half ago and he's been basically grieving her ever since. He's kind of a terrible person so he's super jealous of her and hates her and hates her husband. He's hiring a private detective to track her because he thinks she's sleeping with somebody else now. I'd forgotten that it's essentially a book about God.
23156	That’s actually a really I think that analogy I think that at least that analogy conveys to you what you’re feeling. I felt like it was good at doing that at least. I’m glad that it worked. So you know, it’s and part of the thing about feelings is that I don’t think that’s actually what he’s doing and, you know, I actually think he’s very good and I’m glad that we go to him for the most part.
23158	Is there anyone in your daily life that could help hold you accountable to something that you set up? I don't know. Like maybe Sydney could in theory. I don't know if he would. I could ask him. But like something's also are location based. Like I can only do... I can only dye yarn if I'm at my place and not when I'm at his place. But you can be at your place whenever you want. Sort of. I mean, yes and no. Like I can borrow his car and just go there but like if we were like,
23199	I sure sound discouraged, don't I? You do. Yeah, talking about it's making me feel discouraged, or at least it's that's the emotion that's bubbling up. Yeah, I think probably that sounds about right. Just in the sense of like, here we go again. Yeah, I think on any particular day when she's not well I can either handle it just fine
23237	The things that you have control over are exercise, which we know releases endorphins, and thoughts, which might not cause the feelings of depression, but they can exacerbate it or help to alleviate it somewhat. It's not saying that what you're thinking is necessarily the start of the symptoms, but it's something that you do have control over that can push it in one direction or the other.
23254	but I never really like went. I just didn't really try, except for my woman's studies class, which apparently I cared about, and I did well in that class. But then, I don't know what happened sophomore year that changed that, because all of a sudden and it was all
23289	I was thinking sometimes it's good to know the road you took to get to a place. And if the goal is to get to a place, maybe it doesn't matter which road you took. It does and it doesn't I guess. Yes. We're going to need to stop for today. Okay? Okay. I will see you next week. Oh, I'm not going to be here next week. Okay. I'm going to be at a work thing combined with a fun thing I'm going to Austin for. I've never been to Austin. Oh, wow.
23307	That’s a really uncomfortable five minutes. It can feel like a really long time when you’re feeling that sad. This morning, I just sort of realized that because it was my birthday and Sydney was…we stayed up late the night before, like we were going to go out and do this and then he like couldn’t go to sleep, and like, you know. He didn’t bother taking an Ambien or you know, Nyquil or whatever
23413	And it's just going to be it's going to waste too much time. So weeks, months I don't really have that shouldn't do that right now at this stage. What do you think the explosives represented? I don't know. Well, now that I'm describing the dream, I'm struck by the whole deceptive aspect of the things. They looked normal. And maybe that's how I feel like stuff comes across as you know,
23450	But how am I supposed to like…usually it happens like at night. Well, it’s not necessarily that it’s just something that helps in the moment, but when you’re more active, that can lower the baseline. The way to discharge some of this energy that’s right now being translated in to anxiety and tension, and all of the good health care, selfcare things that you do, like getting regular sleep, exercising on a regular basis,
23534	- Right, and that could be affecting me. So just to make sure I’ve got the right way around it, it began 6 months ago, pressure at work, Yeah You went to town, you had the first of these attacks, and then since then you’ve had some more of them. Yeah, yeah And now it’s kind of got to the point where you don’t want to go out. I don’t, no... You don’t go to town by yourself. No, I don’t want to risk it to be honest.
23573	That's the silly part of it. It's like they're ridiculously easygoing, for the most part and if they're bothered, they're not going to tell me, so it will be okay And they're coming explicitly to see us and to like help take care of us in this difficult time. So it's So I think that's going to be okay.
23590	I should have called you to let you know, and that not let me just say the thought first and not doing that makes me irresponsible. "As I shouldn't be." As I see, you always add that last part, and that is the... Which I'm encouraging you to do. OK, OK. I meant it before
23628	Please have a seat Meg. Thank you for coming in today. Your nutritionist referred you. It seems that she and your mom have some concerns. Can you sit down and we will take your blood pressure and do some vitals? I guess. I do need to get back to my dorm to study. I have a track meet coming up also that I am training for. I am runner. How many credits are you taking and how are classes going? 21 credits. I am at the top of my class. Could we get this done. I need to get back.
23637	but maybe look into getting like physical therapy..." he would say "I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine!" It was interesting because he was sharing with me that this is what he thought I should do, "You should go call your neurologist, you should..." and I said "There's no point, I don't need to follow up with him and go back in. There's a new doctor I'm seeing on Tuesday"
23641	Yeah. Like last night yesterday I was like able to hold out for, until 4-ish or so and then even then I was still able to like, something like 'cause normally panic attacks like prevent you from going about your day to day life and mine don't. Like I can still do things. Like I still was like, okay well you know I need a lock and someone bought one for me so I am going to walk to the post office and drop off these packages. And you could do it. And I could do it and -
23651	She sent me this really nasty e-mail back saying, "I don't know why this is such a big deal for you, whether you send them to the travel agent or whether dad sends them. Why do you care? Stop bugging dad. Stop using e-mail. You should call and talk to him." I was like, a) I hate using the phone, having  argues on the phone in the best of cases; b) I have a hard time understanding my dad because he mumbles;
23697	I told him I was feeling low and that I was just really upset about a lot of things and I've been having these meltdowns at the end of the day where, almost like a little kid having a meltdown. It's just that they're too tired and they need to go to sleep but they refuse to. It's the same sort of completely losing all grip on reality and feeling like everything is overwhelming and I can't do anything. I know those are really stressful for Dave to witness.
23729	119 before, which is probably ten pounds less than I am right now. So then I probably was like this size when I came home from Madagascar, and I still felt good and I still felt that I looked good. But having being able to eat, I was then more conscious about
23754	I was sort of seeing both sides of it and I guess I was just thinking about how you don’t see what is outside your experience. People say “why do parents choose not to give their children a chance of having a whole other sense?
23762	How did things work out? I've got your message obviously after... Mm hm. No you were very helpful. Thank you for taking time to call me. Sure. So Ivan said he was fine that night, that he didn't need to go anywhere and that...so he didn't do anything further. He did say "I was hoping you wouldn't find that," so we did make the distinction that he was saving it actively. Yeah
23774	I wouldn't say I've thought about a whole lot. But in seeing them again, it's sort of like, yeah, I guess things have been hard here, and where have you all been? And we're not going to even talk about it being... having been hard or anything the entire time that we're here? I just... You know, there's the sort of mutual acknowledgement that it'd been a long time since we'd seen each other, and it's good to see you. And I think that was real. That's about it, so...
23831	But with restorative yoga discipline you lie in the dark. Maybe we'll try that. Or even any really gentle practice he could probably do. Just a more Hatha based on rather than Vinyasa style. Yeah, he gets upset going to regular yoga classes. He feels like it's a competition that he can't do anything and everyone else around him is doing it. He gets kind of worked up about it. I actually had a yoga teacher who used to say, ‘this is not a competition. Yoga is not a competitive sport.'
23844	You know, I made the vows fully aware of Tanya's history of depression and amidst the anxiety that was her sort of default state during the wedding planning. But this... where we are now is not really on the map when I did that, so, you know. The whole thing kind of has a, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, sort of duality contrast thing to it. So it's hard to deal with when it feels vaguely like a bait and switch.
23879	Mostly just me in the uncomfortable feeling, my brain telling me that if I physically hurt myself it would feel better. Do you have a particular way of thinking about hurting yourself? Just a general "hurt myself," not do something specific? Sometimes it might be flashes of cutting myself, but in reality I have a weird squeakiness about cutting skin, so I wouldn't do that. I think it's more of a "you need to hurt yourself in order to feel better." Have you ever done that?
23893	"I'm educated," I said "How do you know all this about herniated discs?" and he said "Well I'm educated," and I'm like "Oh so I'm not?" like I don't know anything. So it was funny because thinking back when you made a couple comments about like is he the only, the doctor he was going to recommend, like is he the only doctor who can possibly help me? It
23938	noticing how that brings more tension to your face and then when you're ready to exhale you're going to let that go, letting your eyes remain gently closed. And repeating that, as you inhale squeezing your eyes tightly shut and then when you're ready to exhale, letting that go, letting your eyes stay gently closed and noticing how it feels to be relaxed.
23939	Maybe. It’s just that I’m sort of…I feel a little bit uncomfortable with that because then it’s like, you know, suggesting an activity that people have to spend money on. I mean, which I guess is okay, and also like pending whether or they eat kosher, and that’s going to be an issue. I guess most of my friends don’t…possibly all of my friends, they can of at least like dairy food out in a restaurant, or non-kosher restaurant.
23948	Not days like in the last several months, but that's because there has been a sense in which the Tanya I would have those conversations with, hasn't existed in the last several months. There is a sense in which she really is there again. So, yeah, those are conversations that would be good to have as conversations and not just me telling her that she needs to take this medication.
23970	Which is - 40 days. It’s not really one I can talk about with people. People are like, “What are you giving up for Lent?” Like that’s something people actually ask, which I don’t know, I feel like I’m only now realizing like how glaringly inappropriate that question is. Like if they’re asking intrusive questions, then that would be a lie. Then you make your point.
23977	No. I can’t get to the appointments all the time. I told him that it was tough for me to get there all the time and he was no help. Asshole. I hate him. He was going to help me too. I need to get back to my room. I love to watch my TV you know. I have my favorites that I never like to miss. You find some joy in your life then with the favorite TV programs? Never said I didn’t. I enjoy things, of course! I’m not crazy.
23991	I put my shoulders back. That allows you to open up your chest a little bit. That can help. A lot of times, slowing down your breath can work to relax you a little bit; let your muscles relax. If you can’t get it to go away, remember that it’s going to go away eventually. It has never lasted forever. True. It’s always gone away eventually. And sometimes just knowing that it’s going to end and it’s uncomfortable. As it is, it’s not harmful to you. You’re safe. That can…
24009	Geneva, I was like maybe I'll give it one more shot, because I really missed the feeling that it gave me. What feeling was that? Just like, I felt like it's the same feeling that I get now when I'm in the middle of a really good run or in the middle of a really good workout, and I have great music on and I have high energy and I can feel my muscles getting stronger, you know?
27243	in a good way! Yeah. Okay.
27245	make tight fists noticing where that brings tension to your forearms, wrists and fingers, exhale, release, let the tension drain out of your fingertips. Inhale squeezing those tight fists, exhale release let it all go. Inhale and focus on tightening your abdominal wall, squeezing your belly button toward your spine and as you exhale let your stomach relax a full deep breath letting your belly be soft. On your next inhale you're going to squeeze your belly button towards your spine tightening your stomach again and then as you exhale let your belly be soft taking a full deep breath.
271	...That would be good for you. ...That would be helpful for me in order to be happier and not to feel this enormous amount of pressure that I never even realized I did, until now, which is astounding, to tell you the truth; I can't really lie about that. And I think, like anything, I guess, with over time, you build a different mantra. ...If you put in the effort. Yeah.
278	But I continue to think that it would be worse to try and fail than not to try and fail; if that. That’s something that’s not a whole lot. Yeah, I don’t want to think about it. You’re pretty sure you’ll cancel the tutoring session? Yeah; yeah. If it were like two hours later and that’s so long, then - How long is it? It’s like three hours. Around 2?
315	Great. So doing experiments like that is really informative, kind of figuring out what works for you and things that have a big impact on your day 15 minutes in the morning making a much longer commute you're not going to stick with that. So figuring out what impacts you and gives you the best benefit for the least amount of negative impact is something that's sustainable. If I could hold out until I got to work and eat a breakfast there, that would also . . . That sounds like too long of a commute, though, to . . .
2423	One of the dilemmas is that as you articulate what you wish you had that would helpful is a parent who is more supportive. Both of you. You wish not only for your own parents to be people who they are not but his parent sounds like that also is a piece of what we may have felt clearer after your exchange with Ivan's dad that he has tremendous deficits also as a parent.
2465	the feeling it gave me. But I knew I couldn't do it, and so I didn't snort any in Geneva. I just tried to put a little bit on my gum, but panic just set in. Mm-hmm. Now, I can't even like I used to smoke pot sometimes with my friends, which kind of helped me calm down, and I can't even I can't do that anymore, it makes me panic immediately.
2487	Doing that makes me, I had sat down I think Friday and was like, “Oh. The semester started. Well, fuck it, I’m not going to do anything with it this weekend”. And then I was like, “Okay, I’ll sit down Monday and work on it”, and then didn’t want to. And then today, I was just like “uuuugh... don’t want to again”. And part of it was I really miscalculated how... so
2494	But if setting that up for yourself, if setting up a certain number of applications and you get to go on the trip stops you from applying stops you from applying because you don't think you deserve the trip then that's not... Okay. ...that's not helping you either. True. We need to find something that gets you to do something to help yourself. Mm hmm. So far all I can really do is just guilt myself and hope...
2505	it was like ten minutes before I was getting into bed. I was checking my e-mails one last time before I went to bed. Last night. Yeah. Then I checked e-mail today, and James posted like, you know, clearly upset, and he then before I went to bed, he was like, “I’m very upset at the
2515	It does go away, but I feel like I have no control over it. It’s happening. If it happens more and more, and like if the Seroquel isn’t going to help either then like, I mean I guess I it’s helping some, but it’s not helping enough. And like I can’t, you know, I don’t know if the Imipramine has stopped working or something and I can’t really go back on Wellbutrin because it’s really bad for anxiety. And I’m just like…I’ve run out of options.
2553	It's almost like kind of an information management or an information flow management, like that's how you think about it rather than "I'm so overwhelmed." You can't believe this just happened. "This is just catastrophic. I don't know what to do." You don't think those two are the same thing? My response is exactly the second one,
2561	Yeah. But I've been dreading talking about it and it wasn't so bad, you know. Just about what we were going to do as far as selling, you know. And I said I was going to do something. Oh, see if they have an investment modification program. Maybe I'll call them today or tomorrow. This is the bank? Yeah. Just to buy some time, you know. My condo litigation is just I'm on all these emails that I can't even read them.
2582	Good morning. Good morning. I had a good day yesterday. It was feeling like Spring. Maybe one day it’s feeling like Spring, but – you know – good enough. so I took the kids out to the playground. And I started packing. Part of me thinks that moving could be really good. I don’t know. Back to waiting and seeing. I don’t know enough what the options are.
2583	the weekend was particularly hard, I guess in one general way and in one specific way. The specific way was it was very hard to sit through the same wedding ceremony, the same liturgy that I had gone through. You know, they say essentially the same vows to each other, and here I am sitting next to a person. And having the vows sort of read to me is a painful contrast with the reality of my situation at present. So these are the intentions or these are the promises, and
2584	But of course, the place you're taking it back to is that I recurringly have been able to handle things better than other people. You're not sure of certain details, like Tanya taking the plastic bag into the bathroom. You're thinking that you can handle it somewhat, that somehow no one else could. It would be too much.
2644	or approach to life that is dramatically different from mine. Yeah, I think that's a large piece of the... Yeah, and I have no idea what to do about that. Yeah. Well, this is certainly not the only solution, or it's not the whole solution. But this kind of thing I think you can have conversations with Tanya about. I think that's right. Yeah, I guess I'm thinking about two things. One, I'm not exactly sure how to have those conversations.
2695	I don't know if I was younger. Maybe I was a little younger. I don't know. I never pay attention to my age in my dreams. I don't know if other people do. But yea, I come across I never thought about it but I think I come across as a girl child. Not really a woman but that's because I don't think of myself as a woman. I don't know when I will. But I was flapping my arms and my arms looked pretty thin so I was like, Yea, this could be a younger me." Or... Yea, maybe I feel like that because I just don't have friends who are younger to me. So I don't feel older.
2712	So she's going to meet me and she chose a different gas station, right where she would turn onto the route. Yep. But then Jess was so sick that she needed her mom — because Jess was going out to her parents'. I see. And that's what made it easy to meet, you know. I see. She was just going to drive — Yeah. But then Jess —
2723	So when you’re thinking about killing yourself to escape, that’s one that can’t be undone. But joining music can. Pretty easily. Right. That’s a smaller decision than moving out of your apartment. So it’s a pretty safe one to take a gamble on. I guess. I’m so reluctant to do it now and I don’t know. I think you’re afraid. I’m afraid that it’s going to be work rather than enjoyable. Yeah. So let’s see what it is. And if it’s work, then you back off. Okay.
2777	he's not following the right plan and how I should definitely go and see his chiropractor and then he's saying a lot of different things. Then he told me he was going to go speak with this chiropractor to see if I could get in there, Dr. 'whatever his name is' for free because he told me he charged $75 and I said I didn't really want to be spending that right now,
2812	And he's friending women and it's like I don't know. I'm just afraid. I mean, I wanted to be OK that he's seeing other women. But I'm not sure if I am OK. I think I was hovering over his bed because he was sleeping. And I just wanted to be like give him a hug. And then just quickly fly away or something. It wasn't a sexual thing which is weird because it should be but it wasn't. It was actually sexual with a third, totally different, unattainable guy. It's like unattainable in every single way. I mean, you look that way in ‘86 or ‘90 or something.
2836	surprising to me, and so I went “Oh.” And he’s like “What.” “It’s just you e-mailed a lot more detail than I probably would have wanted or would have written.” And like I didn’t say anything after that, because I didn’t really have anything to talk – and I was also like
2842	but I feel like I feel like the period where I start thinking maybe this will just be over, like maybe I won’t have to feel this way, and then it comes back. I feel like that is really bad; that it’s the worst. And so – Sort of pulling the rug out. Yeah. Somehow it still seems very important, because we have to learn now that this what my life is occurring now. I feel like the the little things that might –
2877	I was not particularly pleased with the work. I mean I was pleased when they got to the point they had these reasons. Which is a vaguely depressing experience, very depressing experience but vaguely satisfying to be able to bury it in that way.
2942	I tell my mom what I eat. Just because I am not fat like she is. How have you felt? Are you feeling sad or depressed? Last time we talked, you were quite unhappy. Are you feeling suicidal?
2943	Which when I went to pick up, they were out of. And they were like "Why don't you go to the CVS in the other Square?" and I'm at the one in this Square. I was like "Well, when are you going to get Adderall in?" This was Friday, I guess, maybe Saturday, I don't know. And they said Tuesday because the pharmacist had to order it yesterday,
2952	and when God talks.....and I have to show this to people... - Right. And that’s why I’ve come here to show you. And when God talks to you? Can I just clarify this with you? What? Does he talk to you like I’m talking to you, with the voice coming through your ears or does it feel more like voice doesn’t come through your ears it comes out of your mouth, voice comes out of your mouth and goes in your ears. Is that right?
2955	to a lot of the issue I think. They haven't visited before and so to a large extent I have no idea what to expect. I think we've discussed that generates some anxiety for me. Is the anxiety that there are particular scenarios you're worried about or just is it just sort of really amorphous? I think it's generalized. It's no particular thing that I am worried about other than there's no particular thing I'm worried about.
2970	this to, you know, I'm so smart, I have all these ideas. You could think of this but It wasn't about my anxiety. Maybe. I mean, clearly you are feeling anxious when you are feeling overwhelmed. Absolutely. In that sense it's your anxiety. I don't think you're actually I'm not sure that's really mostly what this is about.
2978	Well, it is another piece of it, because I feel like the medication should be working better, that I shouldn't have any pain with the medicine. Dispute, dispute, dispute. OK, the medicine will take the edge off, but it is not a cure-all, and there are other things that I can do to extrapolate and make
2983	I think I was not sharing the internal parts with James either. So he doesn’t necessarily see a difference. You know, I was doing UCT, so like nobody had access to my like that, including me. There wasn’t a whole lot apparently. Yes, exactly. At least that we can know about it.
3010	That is, if you really need butter. Bad policy. Fair enough. There's also a sense in which I don't like
3027	they lower the baseline anxiety. So it’s not something; yes, it can help in the moment if you’re starting to feel really anxious and it’s a time when you can get out an exercise, it can add that distraction component in a moment. But if you’re able to engage in a little bit of activity every day, that helps all the time. Just to lower the overall anxiety, to discharge some of that energy, to get endorphins flowing that counteract some of this other stuff you’re feeling. The exercise can be a mood lift and an anxiety prevention technique that works across the board.
3059	I also work at an insurance office and don’t have time to sleep more than I do. Is there something you are very concerned about/ afraid of happening? What do you worry about? I worry about my daughters being harmed like I was. I also worry about how the separation with my husband will affect them. When my parents divorced, it was devastating to me. My life just went downhill. Can you tell me more about what you mean by your life went downhill?
3094	continues to do so through time. So, but... you know, that sort of “casually dismissive” of that strain of theory, of... Oh, not even casually. Sorry, I meant off-handedly... Taken. But... fair enough.
3104	Or I think it’s just . . . I don’t know, I want—I don’t know. I don’t know. Someone or, I don’t know, stepped in and saved the day, I guess. I don’t know. I wish she would—I mean, I know she can’t or—I don’t know. But I wish someone was like,“Okay, look. Here it is. This is what we’re doing. do it.” I don’t know. She just doesn’t want that or any responsibility to deal with this. And I know she can’t, because she can’t talk to Stephen, but I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know,
3108	Right. So Bank of America, if you deposit large amounts of money, will hold it for ten days, which I tell people they should get wire. First I tell them they shouldn't do Bank of America, but they should get the money wired because the bank takes too long.
3113	restructure to have something to go do part time? So every Monday I go spend five hours to volunteer on that study. Oh you do? Oh.
3137	Part of my anxiety comes from the sense that my, in asking that question, and in feeling like you sort of pulled back at that moment as if that were like both a shocking question and perhaps too much; as if I had like in trying to fix something that I felt like I had done badly or yeah; that’s close enough. I had done another thing, I had asked too much or something.
3142	You know, "Can we download Bad Piggies?" "No." "Can we download Bad Piggies?" "No. Okay, we'll download Bad Piggies." Yeah. I don't know. I had a title exam due yesterday that I kind of blew off. I was wondering if I had had the medication if I would've done it or not. Sometimes they prescribe stimulants for people who are depressed too. I mean, I hope it helps.
3176	Yes. This morning I woke up — You mean as opposed to drinking less coffee and booze. — I wasn't nauseous. Right. Asshole. But I came back into the TV room and he was in his PJs, but he had his snowboarding helmet on. You know, if he doesn't pick it up this year, I'll do lessons again next year. He has it in him, you know, I think he's just a little nervous about falling.
3199	So just notice you have the primary kind of disturbed emotion and then what is called a secondary one you worry about that. So back to the disputing... OK. So... Wait. Now I just forgot which one we were disputing. Oh, about the phone call and that I should have called and... ...Been a model of efficiency and perfection. Right. Dispute.
3214	I'm not sure that's the right reason to marry someone. It certainly didn't factor into why I married Ivan, but now that we are married I feel guilty about wanting those things. Mm. I wonder though if there's a way You sort of discount it as, it shouldn't matter at all. Maybe it can matter some. But I feel like I guess I feel like that says something pretty bad about me if that's not okay. Hm. That you're snobby, is what that's about?
3217	In don't know what to make of it. Kelly and I hung out. Sunday we went to Mystic. When I'm with her it's great, but also I don't know what to make of some of my superficial feelings, like "I wish you were skinnier." She's very pretty, but I don't know. There's that. I'm a little confused. I'm just confused. It definitely feels kind of roller-coaster-y now. Do you know what I mean? Like earlier today I was feeling good, and now I feel like shit.
3230	So if you're not ready to get separated one of the things I think we really need to help you do more is to learn, for right now, to not be as responsible for him. It's impossible. Cause as your language comes out Ramona, every single thing you're saying is that it's as though he's your parents and your saying "I have to take care of him and I have to be kind, then I have to coax him out of that, then I have to do this..."
3243	What I get from the papers I get is, I get sort of clues...right, as to what I’m supposed to do and how I’m supposed to get the other clues to hone it down... and come up with a final thing. And how long has all of this been going on would you say? It’s been for ages now. How long would you say? Absolutely ages now. Well I’ve been up all week. About a week?
4808	We should stop for now.
24016	Right and you sort of, you want him to take responsibility for the, for the things that he's doing that result in you feeling angry. Yeah and it just really bothers me. He says, "I'm sorry." I'm like, "Okay, you said that the last time too." You know? And it's not... I'm not yelling. I'm not raising my voice. Like I was... But the tone feels yelling because the tone feels... Yeah. ...like you're reprimanding him. Which I am... Mm hmm.
24018	I said "You know you're not really...it's not really your field and even if it was you are his dad and you are so close to this." He's like "Well I did take a lot of psychology courses," and I just...I'm sorry I can't get past that I'm so angry at him. He's a pastor, he went to seminary, like he's not... major in psychology even. He has no...but he's honestly on the phone telling me how 20 years ago he took a couple classes and I'm just like...
24023	Usually people are closer to one sibling or two siblings than others. That's who you talk to about things that you need help with or that you share. There's a way in which you go into this very logical formula about time management.
24055	That sometimes I'm worried that things in my marriage might not improve enough. Or, what if they don't? Or all of the "what ifs." And then, "What am I going to do if it doesn't? What am I going to " Mm. And I wonder if that isn't based on how it feels more than based on the progress that's been. Yes. Like the timeline or facts or the - Yes. Uh huh. So that feels a little less concrete of an example.
24063	Or what I thought, you know, using his college education would look like. Or I guess not the type of lifestyle I thought. Mm. And maybe even money-wise not. Mm hm. And he's not really passionate about working at a sandwich shop, so I would feel like it would just be a job. Which some people have, you know, just a job and that's not their big thing in life. Mm hm.
24081	So in feeling like with the more trust you can share more, is it partly how I will talk to you about it or feeling more trusting how we'll handle it together? That would be a reasonable feeling. I'm not sure I have any reason that's anywhere as reasonable as that. I don't know as I have an articulated reason for it, which is interesting.
24098	So just so that I'm making sure that I'm understanding this really, what this comes down to and the gist of REBT is that we do make ourselves depressed? Yes, which is not to deny that, in some people, there is the... There is the biochemical... ...The biochemical components. Yeah, that was my essential question. Yeah.
24198	So who have you been showing it to? Well, ok, who have I been showing? I’ve er.., I’ve sent copies of stuff to the Pope...Right....and the Archbishop of Canterbury, and none of them have written back, you’d think they would, you know. So no replies yet? ...cos they’re close to God, they probably know him. They probably met him and stuff. Yeah. Well I mean the Pope; he claims to have met him...Right.
24224	It seemed like the only path forward when asked directly. Yeah, I think it's something like, as you know since you've been seeing me the whole time and can remember all of it, I have been hurt a lot over the last several months.
24244	to sleep in on another day and I don't need him for anything then I get, then I'm not mad about it and I can let it go. But when it impacts plans that we would be doing together and then I have to work around him because he stayed up all night. It's just really tiresome. Yeah. I'm sorry that you guys are having such a hard time being happy together
24264	this is a very kind of interesting thing where I sort of feel like my whole was tense. I feel like, “Okay shoulders, relax.” “Relax.” Then I’d be like, “No, no, that’s not okay.” And like tense up again. I don’t
24274	And, you know, the hyperactivity, none of that stuff registered. But most everything else did. I was kind of surprised that certain things that, you know, I thought was me being organized, that this test seems to suggest is a potential — Like what? Like coming home and putting my wallet and my keys in the same spot every time so I don't lose them, things like that. Hmmm.
24290	maybe a couple of snacks, but I never had meals in my bedroom and I thought that's what normal people do. It sounds pretty typical. He thought it was pretty typical. Even though he wasn't allowed to eat in his bedroom growing up, just like I wasn't, he thought it was typical that once that restriction is no longer there, that people eat in their bedrooms all the time. I don't know who's not that either of us is right . . .
24293	I know. When you think the way I expressed when I was role-playing, would you agree? Yes. So, again, can you complete the disputing of that last point, without having to do it perfectly? May I throw that in?
24304	And it's taking care of me in a way. Or even if I do the cooking, but she still comes over and talks with me about my day. And she still follows up, like, "How did your interview go?" Mm. And she's always still taking care of me and she's always been very reluctant to share if even a small thing in her day went wrong. Oh. She's very much the Mom.
24333	and there's something kind of comforting and familiar about knowing whether it gets to go in the good column or it gets to go in the bad column. I just think that's what your family did, but it's not about knowing who you are. It's not about knowing, it's about categorizing and black-and-white kind of thinking. What are you thinking?
24342	Work, I can’t really do that because it’s just like there is the parking garage and then I have the pass to, and that’s my free parking. Yeah, so choose a spot that’s the longest walk. Oh, okay. And then it’s just, you know, so you get a couple of minutes, maybe there. Same thing at the doctor’s office. It’s supposed to be warmer on Friday. You know, a safe spot, but a little bit further away. Don’t pick the one that’s closest to the door. Pick the one that’s safe,
24346	three or four of them also have pretty bad anxiety and get panic attacks. I didn't know that my brother was seeing somebody either, but they were both really  supportive so it was nice. Mm-hmm. It was calming in a way, to know that I didn't somehow get like the worst of it, but then knowing that it's so bad for everybody, you know, it was like oh man,
24361	Exactly, and whilst in the short term that alleviates your symptoms because you don’t have to get panicky, what’s happening is that the more you avoid doing things, the less likely you are to ever get around to ever finding out whether or not anything awful really happens. Right, yeah, right. Does that make sense? It does, it does make sense. Well, if we are starting to tackle this as if it were an anxiety problem, there are a number of approaches. We can think about tablets, we can think about other kind of talking approaches.
24366	What do you want him to do? What do you want his response to be? I don't know. Because I feel like if he did give me permission to kill myself that would probably make him a very bad boyfriend. And it sounds like you don't actually want to. At least not now, but when I feel like that
24382	Right. What she wants to do is, because my rent's going down to $1200, she's not going to be able to get $1200 rent anywhere that isn't a slumlord or in a bad neighborhood. So she wants my $1200 rent, you know, and for me to move into the house that's getting foreclosed on or short stay alert. I don't know why she wants me to move there, you know, but... Right. She just wants to cover her own ass.
24387	So I think the two things that I don’t remember talking extensively about are one; I really want to have a family. So in a sense, you have this thing that I very much want and don’t really see how I am going to have because I just really don’t just… I really get used to want to have children with Tanya. In addition to wanting to have children, I’m not sure that I want to have children with Tanya. I don’t know if she can handle it.
24404	So even though I knew that, I tapped out of two panels within ten minutes. I just it was too frustrating. So there was that. I don’t know. I didn’t buy books because the dealers’ room was too big. I just ... Sorry, the what? The dealers’ room was really big. It’s like a... I don’t know what else to call it. You know, like a big convention center space - Oh, you mean it was really big to go in, and look around for stuff?
24428	What tends to make you feel better or worse is what control you have and how you respond to whatever stressors there are. Those stressors can be things that can ongoing and chronic or something more time-limited, like the move. Maybe. I guess I'm just thinking it's brain chemistry and the drugs aren't fixing the brain chemistry.
24444	It's a little bit more nebulous in your 20s, but it's still pretty common, certainly with a lot of different people under stressful circumstances. Yeah. My friend, Franco our friend, Franco my best friend, is here in Andover. He went with me a lot. I let him take care of me a fair amount. It's easier because he's here. I don't know. The hurdle of traveling was large. But then, why are we here? We're here because . . .
24460	Most important is understanding sufficiently the REBT techniques. OK. And more important is applying them and taking action, and being motivated. Well, the reason I'm asking is because I feel it is it is almost
24462	Yea, I was just imagining. I would say, "OK, I'm going to go down this street." And I would just fly over it. I don't know. I was in an auto with this really famous actor in India. He doesn't look so good now. He's in his 40s but I was with him and he was 18 and he looked really, really cute and hot. It's weird. And then I tried really, really hard to imagine Street. But I just couldn't do it for some reason. Then finally I did it. I cheated or something and then I did it. And then I was hovering over him or something. That's it. It's so weird.
24542	I mean oh, God. And God forbid something were to happen, and I'm then having this panic attack. So we did some and it didn't feel right, it burned, and cocaine is not supposed to burn, it numbs you, you know? Mm-hmm. And so for some reason I did all three lines and then was like
24552	That's true skepticism that there isn't necessarily one right but that there are lots of ways to look at something or lots of possibilities and we're uncertain, that there's some level of uncertainty in any of the beliefs and sometimes that you're not necessarily choosing a different belief, but your just choosing to believe that there may be some wiggle room or some error in any one belief gives people freedom to just feel more comfortable.
24597	Are you feeling as frustrated, anxious, or depressed as you...? Not as much, not as much. And why do you think it is? 'Cause I'm recognizing what is actually creating these disturbing emotions and situations that... So you're feeling, you said, more empowered? You're feeling, therefore, I guess, less a victim of the circumstances... Right, right.
24602	Yeah. And she is twenty nine. I mean like and I tried to tell her, even though I think And she's, you know, she still feels that way. Mm. I think especially because of the role Ivan has played thus far. Yeah. I wish she didn't feel like she had to take care of me. And, I don't know, I always feel bad. So even if she comes over after a long day of work and we make dinner, or even if I make her dinner, I still feel a little bad because - Hm.
24613	I have two brothers and sisters, and particularly my sisters really want to be there for me and take care of me but, again, it's like at what point? As far as the time issues, we're getting into half a dozen or a dozen people. I can't talk to all of them every day. I can't talk to I suppose if I talk to each of them once a week we could talk for a little bit of time. There's no continuity of the area of across people.
24644	You had said that you didn't tell them about her going to the bathroom. I said that you didn't tell me that either. You said trust what was it you said about the trust? I was struck by that.
24653	I still have been really not feeling great. I don’t know. Here’s the getting it’s kind of I was at a sci-fi convention, a big local sci-fi convention this weekend. Didn’t I explain my anxiety about how I had to stay with friends and ... Yeah, you had been, I think, hemming and hawing about whether you were going to go or not.
24675	And if it feels like it’s too much of a pressure right now, you say, you know, I’m sorry; I realize it’s too much of a time commitment right now. And to give yourself permission to leave. I don’t want to do that, like, because people have done that in the past and I don’t want to be one of those people who does that. Hopefully it won’t come to that. But if that’s the case, then you’ve learned something. And sometimes people need to do that. Yeah. But that might not be the case. It might be that it feels good to have something to go to; an option that’s better than staying in a ball.
24691	It lasted about ten hours. So I slept for four of those, and then after about six hours of being awake I felt like I really had to start making travel plans for how I was getting to Ohio and then what slides was I going to present. So mostly after I defended I felt tired, because I hadn't slept very much the last couple of days making the slides. So on Wednesday I was more rested, and mostly I felt something closer to likeI guess there were kind of two separate things. One was like loss of purpose.
24760	I couldn't remember. She said to go up on the Prozac and I can't remember if she told me not to go up on Prozac; but I'm going up on it anyways. I'm now taking 25mg of the lamotrigine in the morning. What's that? The lamictal. Less than or more? More.
24770	at the same time. I started getting my weight under control. I mean granted, I started doing drugs and was on my way to potentially having an eating disorder. I started losing weight, and even with all my GI problems, I made dean's list first semester, sophomore year.
24772	like they're kind of angrily keeping things back. I think you're more frightened. I could be wrong, but you probably feel pretty ashamed about it and worried that it's going to make you look like an asshole and that whoever isn't really going to want much more to do with you. Is that about right? Yep. I'm also worried that if I let other people know just how bad things are, they will use that to take advantage of me. I see.
24782	Yeah, 3. 3:00. Yeah. But, there’d be either/or like three hours. I would feel like there was a Yeah. Sometimes I can rally. Okay. But, I think maybe I need to not ask myself to rally right now. I think that’s why, because particularly, after three hours of holding it together, you could I hadn’t thought about that. Yeah.
24823	So in the time we have had tonight, we actually didn't even discuss your last week's homework, which was to... To dispute the whole weekend with my parents... ...to dispute ideas about your parents, and to write down useful "E"s. In a few of our sessions, you've pointed out including tonight that you would like more comfort and familiarity with the D step and the E step. Mm-hmm.
24847	I had to order an updated payoff, so I've been waiting on that. I went and saw Dr. Micah on Tuesday. At first she was cutting back my Wellbutrin,
24850	Well, you probably don't remember this because it was sort of in the throes of the stuff, but we had talked about how not being able to remember things can feel like not having control over things in the way you feel you should. I don't remember talking about that. Yeah. And so it can be something you blame yourself a lot for, I think. Yeah. Yeah.
24899	Yeah, I guess you probably did mean that, yeah. So that's kind of a big-probably a deep feature of how I like to exist in relationships. I don't want the relationship to all be about me. And so it's-we've talked many times about this being a strange relationship for me, because like I come and tell you my problems and that's what we talk about. So yeah, I definitely feel like I also try to alter that narrative, at least internally somewhat, in order to feel better about it or something. But also in the real world like I actually want to talk about things that are interesting to you.
24909	then the medication they gave me first for my stomach made me sick, and the medicine they gave me to do the endoscopy made me sick and it's like I just want to like I'm ready to go on a yoga retreat and drink herbs or something, and get acupuncture and not deal with any more pharmaceuticals at this point. Herbs can make you sick. Yeah. It's not that I want to give you something else to be anxious about.
24912	It's like I spend so much of my energy not thinking about things. Well, I mean I can't deal with problems and then I don't have the attention that I ordinarily would have because, you know, a huge portion of my energy is going toward staving off this panic that's there all the time.
24947	It's okay for me to use it during the day or something. The thing is the prescription is worded such that I can take another one per day. Part of me thinks it will interfere with my morning driving and commute. Does it make you tired? It used to when I took it. Eventually I get used to it, but the whole getting used to it period seems like it would be too much hassle for not that much reward.
24961	Ok....and your GP has asked me to see you? So that’s why I’m here. - Is that right? - Yeah cos I got to tell you about this, there’s important stuff in there. Really important stuff... - Ok, well before we start with that I come to see you. Can I just ask you what would you like me to call you- What name? Yeah. - Name, name is a game, I don’t bother with names, that’s just too good...
24976	Yeah. But I mean, between those two years, I also made a lot of decisions, like personally. I was going to confront my sexuality and I was starting to that was started to become more of something that I couldn't ignore any more and I started dealing with it. I joined the soccer team and really felt like I fit in finally, you know, like throughout high school, I didn't feel like I fit in. Freshman year,
25002	tchotchkes. There were a lot of them. A lot. Kind of. Like it was, I just felt like I can’t figure out what I want through this really loud, anti-Sunday, kind of stank-smelling crowd. Like, I don’t know, I was just kind of having the, everything that ever irritates me about the sci - fi fantasy fans, it knocked me all weekend. Interspersed
25010	And you were worried you might start to feel like doing something? If I took the Adderall, yeah. You know, like I'd go to the office and do something, you know, which I probably should have done. I'm going straight to the office from here. And I had motivated and made that decision before I took the Adderall. But I definitely can tell the difference. Not too long after taking it, like right now, from how I felt, you know, an hour ago. Good, I'm glad it's helping. It could be really
25023	I mean, I have to figure out how to extract myself from this situation, you know. Riley has not been communicating to me at all about it. He just in one email said he no longer supports the litigation. And of course the email that I wrote out with our options. Luckily I didn't talk about our trial strategy, but the disenfranchised woman ends up emailing it to the defendant. I am picking a trial date on Tuesday. We have a closing that morning. Probably not going to be able to meet with you on Tuesday.
25024	So they're not going to order it until Friday and I'm not going to have it until Tuesday. Oh. And the title was due yesterday. So I left the registry and said I'll just finish the title and explain that I need to follow up on this a week from now. So for some reason, I decide to go get Chinese food. Whenever I get Chinese food, I get way too much and I eat it all. I basically just fell asleep on the couch and never got up and finished the title.
25028	What had he prescribed? He prescribed nothing. He said that, based on the notes that he got from my previous psychiatrist and my self-reported symptoms, he didn't think I needed anti depressants any more. He wrote me a script for Ativan to use on an as-needed basis
25069	I was telling my mom everything would be okay, but in my mind I was like, "Well, what are the chances of him coming to our house?" They could have. Yeah, but then I was like, "What are the chances that any of this is happening? It is happening in my backyard in all of our backyards in that neighborhood so for any one
25077	So, yeah. I don’t know. I don’t know. Finally get him on the phone again, Sunday, like noontime. I don’t know. Just feeling really low. I don’t know. He actually wants me to call this woman and tell her to back off. I was like, “Well, I think that will just make things worse if she’s serious.”“Impossible, it’s just the way she was so I would just wait to do that, if you really want me to do it.”
25097	I think she even says something like, " . . . not loving something that much, even myself." I was like, "Yeah, that makes perfect sense. It makes perfect sense if, when you loved that much, you got hurt. Right. That's very, very sad. Tomorrow. Okay. 12:50? All right. Thanks. See you.
25115	Like take a piece of it or something for myself, which is why it sounds horrible to me. I think another piece that’s going on, most of the women in my life, one way or another are
25123	let's see if we can't find other ways to kind of lower the general anxiety baseline. Your baseline of anxiety right now is really high. Your panic attacks are lasting longer than typical panic attacks so it's really high generalized anxiety and I think if we can lower that your sleep will return to what your typical sleep is like.
25165	Yeah I get like this I'm sure despite all my issues, I don't want to blame what's happened in my life. In other words all these issues I was the way I was before if that makes sense. No, can you clarify? Yes I've always been somebody who's very hard on myself... Until now. Oh really? Well, can you predict the future?
25176	One is sort of the word that’s just come up. I mean in a way, it seems to me like that’s actually what James did more than you wanted. You know the level of detail which he was describing; it felt more like he was conveying it in some way.
25225	The end result is that her father finally visited two weeks ago, but she hadn't wanted to see him before then and, basically, just wouldn't let him come. She wouldn't talk to him either, so it is like the burden is on me to communicate how she is doing and then also tell these people who love her and her family's impulse is always just to show up and be there which, in some ways, is a really good impulse and in some ways maybe not a great impulse.
25237	Right. And so I try not to do that, to avoid that structure but end up in this place and then I'm angry and we're back into like it just is complicated in that way. But you broadened it. What you started to think about as the extent to which you do that and this is in a very particular context in your marriage and also in terms of what's gone on for Tanya. But then you're sort of expanding it to thinking about how this plays out in other relationships for you. Yeah.
25256	and then it would come in today after 8:00 p.m. I'm like well, I'm not going to take it until Monday anyway, so what's an extra day? So I haven't started it yet. Gotcha. So I'll probably start tomorrow. So how did the diagnostic process go? It was a series of questions, a lot of questions. Yeah. Of, you know, mild, moderate or severe or none at all, you know. Right.
25273	I think they're replacing in terms of I can get away with less other things, like it would normally be that if I got one of those microwave meals one thing by itself might not be enough, but with fruit it is. Or pieces of pizza I will eat less slices of pizza if I'm having fruit with it than if I'm not. And that's really the idea because you are replacing something that's probably better for you, fewer calories.
25274	or have been pregnant. That’s just sort of like both of my sisters are pregnant, have been pregnant; one of them is pregnant right now. Went in to labor briefly over the weekend; isn’t in labor anymore. So have another niece in a week or so probably, which is wonderful. I’m excited about it.
25286	I don’t…you know. So, there’s that. I feel like there may be a sense in which I am trying to appropriate your pregnancy, which sounds horrible. I’m sorry if that is potentially a thing that I’ve been doing. When you say appropriate, how do you mean?
25306	whip out. People mistreating you, people not taking care of your needs, you're having to scramble to make sure you take care of other people. But even, so I've mentioned and it's a very brief way to describe it, but Emma has taken care of me since I was little - Yeah. in so many ways. And she still does it - Mm hm.
25309	words. Yeah, “lost” is the word that... comes to mind, more than ruined. But yet, there is a sense of... yeah, I guess there is a sense of ruined to it, just isn’t the... You know, I understand why you ask the question before,
25330	I don't know. I mean, what's the point of always re-thinking about, "Oh, that person, they had such a nice childhood." And like, "And their parents are nice. And they can go home and be with their parents and lean on them anytime they want to. And I don't have that." I mean, OK, I don't have that. Let's accept that as a given and move on. I mean, that's what David would like me to do. So but I don't know. Why do I keep doing that? I mean, I guess I look at other people to draw lessons from their life.
25344	So I kind of ended up talking with Jess about what's going to happen with the house and she still suggested I move into the house and that she take my apartment, which now has one less room. I'm like, how are you going to fit in there, you know? So is that your condo? No, that's the multi-family. Where she is now?
25367	You are not alone in having a tendency to think: "something is unfamiliar" then extrapolating and thinking "it is TOO hard" and then extrapolating from thinking it is too hard to thinking "I'm not good enough, I can't or I won't be able to succeed,": and keeping yourself in a little limited restricted box instead of continuing to make effort one step at a time. When there's a relapse you pick yourself up and keep going.
25369	My upset and my disturbance over the pain and over the depression I guess, if that's what you want to call it of just feeling like every day is hard. So there are a few things that have just come up in what you said. There's the area of your girlfriend being in a nurturing role, but,
25377	get the prescription refilled, there is no practical value in asking, 'why did you do this?' Because she's already fixed it in some sense or as much as it is possible to fix it at that point. And so there's no immediacy to the discussion even to happen and at that time she already feels guilty
25390	I was really isolated throughout my entire childhood. I had no friends at all. I was tormented at school, tormented at home, but even at my happiest in the last ten years or so, there's always been the thought in the back of my head that things are good now, but don't expect them to stay good. You can always kill yourself tomorrow if they stop being good. What's that scene from The Princess Bride? "I'll kill you tomorrow."
25434	One would be through your history. If you have ADD, then the extent to which you have trouble focusing and trouble being organized should be fairly consistent through your history. Whereas if it's due more to depression, then those sort of difficulties should increase or decrease along with the extent of your depression or anxiety. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. That's one way to tell. Really the gold standard for diagnosing something like ADHD is neuro-psych testing,
25457	Hey! No, I hadn't appreciated having that quick insight. I think I think that's a hard problem. Yeah, and it shows up in so many areas of your life. You talked about it with respect to your career and how all the options seemed bad because there were some I don't want to say fundamental flaws, but flaws, yeah flaws and problems in them, they were not ideal.
25507	I think I had the sense that one of the ways that people get through life is by sharing their joys and their sorrows with the people and normally, I can…I have like the capacity to carry a lot of things so I can sort of carry other people’s sorrows. It helps. And I like it too. I like to help people. I think that’s sort of…I think that’s all I have are just thoughts.
25516	things like the highest likelihood of success, combined with what it’s most likely I’d actually do. Yeah; logistics are hard, but not that hard. They’re hard if I want them to be hard. This tutoring session’s going to be more; I thought about just taking the car somewhere. I think maybe I just won’t go to tutoring. When’s it at? 2:30.
25520	All the time that I had sort of blocked out this weekend for – for caring for tutoring and also preparing, researching for this talk during the week. Pretty much most of it, but like staring blankly at. So, I’ve been doing a lot of that. I feel like I have some creep disease, but like it doesn’t look like it. And that’s something like every five or ten minutes, I have to sort of decide not to kill myself. That takes a lot of work. Yeah.
25527	Yes. I feel like I’ve sort of said more or less what I had to say on the subject. I so want to say, yeah, you are hearing me correctly. That is a thing that I’m thinking about and it’s hard. But I guess that’s not a sufficient prompt to talk about it further. Is that an okay thing to say?
25533	which is a much more involved process that involves usually six or eight hours of testing with a psychologist and then, you know, the creation of a written report that is usually between six and 15 pages long or so, and that's kind of the gold standard for this kind of diagnosis. But, you know, you may have it and the questionnaires are good in terms of they can be helpful and better than nothing. Like I said,
25557	now I can move on, you know? Mm-hmm. But I just didn't it was carried over from high school. I was never a great academic student in high school. I was average, maybe a little bit below, but I just didn't try, I didn't really care, and I don't know why that is. My mom asks me a lot now, like what was your deal?
25581	"Oh my god. I'm completely overwhelmed. I have no idea what to do. I have this responsibility that's way over my head. I completely can't handle it. It's only five days away. I'm going to let my kid down. I'm anxious and confused." So it's, like, striking to me. Or you could ask one of the other parents. Or you could call the scout leader and ask him or her where to look. Or you could I mean, any one of those things would probably work. And again, I'm not saying
25588	like I was constantly changing them. The cocaine habit was kind of consistent, except for that one day when I did it before class, but it was kind of consistent, like I would just do it when I was out. Then of course, the one day when I did all of that, because I was excited about it, and I never did it again,
25598	But on the other side I'm inclined not to say so much about because you seem pretty maxed out with what you can bear. And I think that probably pretty well reflects the dilemma that you're in, which is the things that could help, whether it's understanding or task sort of things, or work, often feel like way too much. Yeah. We went to dinner with Franco. Mm hm.
25685	I think James should come and you guys should go to the ER, and I think it’s possible by the time they see you, you’re feeling better enough, or you think you’re feeling a little better; if you’re waiting there three or four hours, and you start to feel better, call me, and you can come back here and we can talk. Okay. You know this evening, either of them, you can come by. And, we can go from there; I’m happy to do that. But, there’s something about that
25714	Regardless of whether I had this, all this stuff going on right now because in past relationships when I didn't have this I did feel that I had to be bright, cheerful, happy, upbeat, otherwise...it was very extreme. It's like I'm either, can I relate it back to what I think maybe it comes from? Yes.
25724	wonder if you can find a way where you could both do really well. Yeah. It's really hard on the we're hoping that fixing the other issues you know but at temp I'm making like however much, you know. They let you put a like however much you would want and so I put my minimum at like 13 hours so if I was working 40 a week like that would be enough to support myself. Yeah, well I think that would be a big would certainly relieve one external stressor.
25745	she's got all the right stuff, but I don't think she has at all, ever, really delved in to her feelings. She, in some ways, she still does it with us. I think about when I'm old. I kind of feel fortunate that my mother is so independent and that she doesn't rely on us for, you know, for a lot. I mean she knows, you know, she knows we love her and we'd be there in a second if she needed us. We go down as often as we can, but she has
25770	panicking and the Klonopin did nothing immediately so you know which leads me to believe that if I had, you know, earlier I'd taken a quarter Klonopin the same thing would have happened where it wouldn't have done anything immediately, so - So you don't feel like the Klonopin helped at all? I don't know, like I guess it doesn't. It used to help, but now like if it does it does in such a subtle way that like it doesn't immediately help as I can see working right away.
25785	Not very often anymore. Does she have future plans for herself? So she's talking about wanting to be a priest. And so she's a little bit excited about that and a little bit terrified about that. And those are... I understand both of those, and that's fine. I feel like wanting to be a priest is mostly a response to feeling like she can't be academician and feeling that's the closest thing.
25790	Chicago visiting. She was living in Montana, so she came out to Chicago to visit, and there was a bunch of other people that had volunteered with us, who lived in kind of like the Chicago Metro Area. So we were all planning on getting together that night, and from our conversations getting to know each other while we were in Madagascar, I knew that everybody else liked to we used to call it,
25803	though reading it I was like, "It's just like Sex and the City and Gossip Girl, only better." I was like, "Okay, I really don't want to see this show now." Not really my thing.  He was talking about anxiety and describing having a panic attack the other night.
25837	I might ask first. That’s like a crappy metaphor for what I think was going on. I actually want to know, but that’s like…I also recognize that that’s a level of knowledge about you that I have no reason to expect you would want me to have and I’m actually really okay with that. But it’s this idea that like I have unintentionally stepped on you that led me to ask the actual question.
25853	am I making any sense? I can’t tell whether like the sort of shorthand that I’m using is actually expresses what I needed to express. I guess I mean like, I talked with her about like being in the hospital before, and like being mentally ill, and having really severe depression, and trying to describe that. Sometimes I’ll talk about it, and like feeling like
25860	I also would encourage you to go in and don't hold back, say what you said to me today to her, to Ivan, what you're feeling about the work and the feeling that maybe you can't get to any of this if you feel like you're not being understood or being heard in the work and that that's a piece of what when she's asking you "What do you need, what do you need, what do you need?
25864	I don't know. I'm tired and cranky and not feeling well. Like emotionally? And physically. All around? Yeah. I've had a headache all day, but it's been resistant to pain killers, both over the counter and prescription. Dave and I have been fighting a lot the last couple of days. I've been feeling really low. My mood has been lower the past week and a half to two weeks than it has been in quite a while.
25874	Then I…Friday morning I have my actual appointment with Dr. Barnes. They’re going down to Rhode Island and I actually need to help cook because my mom has an  What’s going on with your mom? Did I tell you that like my parents have been fostering cats with kittens?
25909	You're right at this point as you now share your thoughts, when you say it doesn't come naturally ... well surprise, surprise, how many sessions have we had? Today's six? No this is the fifth. Five? So you expected to have mastered it by now? You expected to have changed thirty-something years of habit by now? I did.
25945	I guess all in all I'm doing okay but . . . Yesterday I was like, "Wow, do I need to see Dr. Carlton again maybe? Do I have some kind of low-grade depression going on?" because even before all of this happened I wasn't feeling awful, but I just . . . I'm just so tired.
25952	to get together this week long something about multimedia stuff. It’s kind of a conference in my library so there’s like, keynotes each day with a catered lunch, like a bagged lunch, and workshops or discussions running every day, so it’s like, two workshops in the morning, an hour and a half keynote at noon, and then afternoon workshop.
25961	Well this week I’ve been working really hard at it. Because before... - It’s been going on longer than a week... - Right. ...but I’ve been working really hard on it for this week... because you normally have another... ...it’s the numbers you see...Right. It’s the numbers you have to find out. Am I right in thinking you normally do a different job? Yeah I have a small business with my sister selling pottery - I am a potter.
26021	That's the so I guess the equivalent of if nobody's going to use chemical weapons then what can you do within those options? People feel trapped when they feel that none of their options are okay. Then you're trapped. So the question is how can we make the options available to you okay? And then in that you actually probably could see more good in each of them than is apparent right now. You know, I'd like to know more about what you're thinking but I'm going to need to wait two weeks to
26035	And so it's... now it's convenient again, so you want to take them back. Well, great. That's not... that's not now we do things. I think that's... I think that's right. So in a practical sense I'm not sure how to have the conversation, because clearly I'm pretty frustrated or upset. And on one level it's not particularly kind to start into a conversation that... where I have a whole lot of pent-up frustrations. And on the other hand it's not particularly clear that she can handle a conversation where I am very frustrated. I think she probably can. But...
26041	you get up to two hundred and eleven, and then two hundred and twelve, and two hundred and thirteen. And now what you're saying to yourself, "I put in two hundred and thirteen applications and not a single one of them has come to fruition." So it can feel more hopeless. But if you know in the back of your mind that one in three hundred you'll get a job offer, the less you, if you start veering off right now
26053	as far as sort of the dilemma that you're in, which is on the one hand to be inclined to say things like, maybe not in an existential sense, but in other senses know some of why things are like this now and some of what's making you feel so, so bad. Yeah. Yeah. And some of how when particular sorts of things happen they affect you in pretty ways.
26054	no empathy, really a whole lot, it would maybe last for like two or three minutes and I would get that empathy for two or three minutes like "Oh, wow, you really do understand," and then it was just like "You're going to be fine," like quickly let's just move on. I
26092	Maybe that’s true somewhere, but I don’t think that’s the point at the end of the day. I think the point at the end of the day is that Tanya can’t take care of herself or can’t always take care of herself. I’ve certainly become frustrated talking about it. I’m not sure if I articulated why I’m frustrated but… Well let me make a running analogy which may not be helpful to you so,
26095	I feel like sometimes when I talk about stuff, I really want you to say something about it or speak from experience, but I don’t really feel like that’s the case right now. Sometimes it is true because I do think there are times that it can be helpful to have one formal given diagnosis or informally something about, depending on what the dynamics are, having the sense of part of what you’re is that there are ways that people sort of hide behind that or use it to move away from what their experience actually is.
26121	The distance just adds some extra logistical dimension to it or something. It makes it I don't know. I guess it makes it so everything has to be planned somehow. I'm not sure.
26151	No, not really. It's like I did some work this morning. Taking a shower I don't know why I just always feel is a chore; but I had to take one today. After two weeks, I've got to take a shower. I need a haircut. I should have gotten one today. I always buy Supercuts. Do you go to Supercuts? You get the $100 haircut. It's $50, I think. It's gone up.
26193	I've been having the sunlamp and using it, especially because Sydney had gotten me a little mini orchid plant because I had seen them in the grocery store and thought they were so cool. He had gone grocery shopping a few days later, so the mini orchid, because of that it's like it needs to have partial sunlight and we have it in the middle of the room and not in the window, so we used the sunlamp. I also have it when I'm dying wool, so that ends up being at least sunlight.
26197	So are there ways that you can sneak in maybe a little bit more activity into the day? It sounds like you've made some healthy changes with regard to what you're eating and the other way to burn calories is to find activity that you can sneak into your day. Even though it's really hot,
26239	Yeah, I’m up to my I mean I’m perfectly aware that at the end of the day, I can keep you from killing yourself; you know that? I also know that you don’t often want to with the intensity, or with as much as yourself, or something like that. Yeah. I also know that you might feel better in a few hours, or not this bad. Yeah. I’m counting on it. Yeah,
26248	Yeah, the... More than in a way kind of coming from you. Yeah. Could you hospital? Yeah. Uh huh. Do you wish I was asking you questions or things like that? No. I mean that's not what you do. Uh huh. Uh huh. There are times I
26251	that was second semester. I made dean's list first semester, I was getting straight As second semester. It felt good to be getting good grades and it was just, I don't know, cocaine was everywhere at my school. A lot of people did it and a lot of people did it to concentrate. A lot of the frat boys would take it to write their papers, and I remember people would be snorting at the library.
26273	I can't get... So maybe one of the things would be helpful is for me to talk to her again to clarify a little bit more, even you're adding these bullet points of things that are happening. To make sure she hears that loudly and clearly about just what continues to be going on. Things like the soap, that's minor in the grand scheme of things, like that would be the kind of thing I'd say to you "See if you can..." It doesn't matter.
26286	That will help a little bit, I think. Last time I did move it actually did only take me a day to pack. I had a lot less stuff then than I have now, I think. It will probably take more time. Yeah. If all that stuff like yarn shouldn't take that long. I don't see what else would be so big, other than all the yarn from my store, and all that yarn is in big bins in the basement. That's pretty much packed up. So that can just move the way it is. Yeah. And I guess the dyes
26290	Usually people feel an effect in about 20 minutes. Okay. Yeah that didn't happen last night. And usually a panic attack is over with in 20 minutes. Typically. Yes. Which also didn't happen last night. Or any night. So - It's been a really rough couple of weeks. Yeah. What's been going on with Sydney? How's he been doing the past few weeks?
26304	Not only are they not ruined, they’re probably not very damaged, and at this point. Things are still... likely to be very salvageable. That’s, you know, some line like that is sufficient to get back into the space where I can, where I have sufficient agency to do things, so...
26305	It sounds like one of the part of what makes it so hard is not just individually what you're facing but that up until all of this stuff existed in your world you were able to believe this illusion that things were under your control because you hadn't yet come up against something that you couldn't control. Right. And I don't think that it's that you've actually lost an ability to control everything. I think it's that now there's stuff that's not controllable.
26315	So I don’t want to talk to you anymore. I’ve had enough of you and I’ve had enough of being here. I want to talk to somebody else. I want to talk to the boss. I want to talk to your boss... - Right.. Where’s your boss? Audry, I am the boss, I’m a consultant...you see.... Well you’re a shit boss and I want to talk to somebody else, there must be somebody else I can talk to? There isn’t Audry.
26359	always just quit her job right now. It’s not okay to quit children. It’s just not okay.
26362	So I had a real slop day yesterday. Just stayed in my PJs and slept on the couch and watched the inauguration all day. And I went out to get Chinese food, which I threw up this morning. Oh no. Nice, yeah. Which is probably a good thing, because I ate too much. That's a pretty delayed throwing up. I mean, I know you, like,
26392	Like we had to go to Sydney's house to get some packages that he had gotten and so we went to the store on the way there. Then, you know, and he was driving there to the store and then to his place but then on the way back he asked if I could drive because he's not really good with night driving and he was really, really tired and I was like 'okay, well, you're really, really tired and I'm just panicking.' And I drove home. And managed to drive home without hitting anyone or doing anything unsafe and parked the car, all while panicking. That's unusual. Yeah.
26404	That feels It doesn't feel good. Don't get me wrong. It doesn't feel good, but it feels very different - Yeah. from like the polar opposite. Like less ambition, less education, less drive, less work ethic. Mm. Not passionate about it. Yeah. In a way then, with your father, that's what you were used to sort of getting to feel good about with his, at least - Right.
26406	for the thing that's going to go wrong in your own body. I think you have that relationally, too. In your relationship with your mother before your father's death. She looks at the picture and says, "Oh, she's beautiful." And then, "Oh, but she has a big mouth." It's like there it is. There's the bad thing coming in the relationship. There's the dagger that you could be waiting for with Kelly or else be waiting to dole out to Kelly because
26414	That is no, because I'm you know how you don't always realize exactly what you're thinking when you're thinking it, because we're talking at the same time? Maybe if I were sitting in a room, meditating by myself, I would know what the thought was, but when I'm talking to you, it is
26432	Yeah, they'll say things like that. Sometimes they'll be like, ‘okay it's play time, everyone do handstands.' And it's important to not that you not go to that.' He ends up feeling bad about himself every time. And it can't be heated or he'll like start getting nauseous. He also has trouble kind of like when I do,
26523	There's a reason I'm not there all the time. I was there on Friday to get some errand stuff done. I think we're going there tonight so I can be there because I have to book tomorrow morning and, obviously, my address is still my place and so I need to get down there to move before work. I think what we'll do is have dinner before we go there. That solves tonight, but that doesn't solve the rest of the week. He might have time, in theory, to go to shop at Hamden or something like that, but I'm the one who has the car when I'm at work. That makes things harder, too. I guess he could take the T, in theory, and get there and get back;
26604	" and I feel it now starting to trickle into other aspects of my life to the point where I feel like there's a part of me that feels "
26631	He gives up coffee every time he has one of these things happen for a little while Which is good. and so I thought he might want to go out and have coffee with me the other day and like he could get tea or something and he wouldn't go out to the coffee shop. I don't know, you can't take that away from us. We'll have nothing left to do. Do you worry about having nothing left to do? No, we do have a lot of fun together just hanging out but it becomes a problem after a week because of his problem.
26664	I really try to keep them bottled up and not expose him to it but I don't know. I've been kind of having this shaky edge on my self-control the last week or so. Anyway, I told him I was feeling really bad and I was really upset about the whole insomnia situation and that it's not getting any better. I have so much trouble getting to sleep, staying asleep... I know you mentioned it, but we hardly talked about it. Can you tell me a little more about what happens?
26665	Well this is, this is the work I’ve been doing.... and it’s really important and it’s my cure for world hunger. That’s what it is you know, it’s all written down here.... well it’s not written down it’s here, it’s at home, in my books at home. Right.
26671	Yeah. Yeah. No, it's like Now I just get to be anxious. Hooray. I read an article a friend of mine writes about he basically writes about culture for a lot of little magazines and I did his thesis and he's a very good writer. He'll be like, "I wrote this," and I'll read it. He wrote about a show that I've never seen, Girls, which apparently is a big show,
26698	And now it's Easter, so that's basically all we're going to be talking about for the next six weeks the suffering God, basically the theology of suffering. Because of the crucifixion? Yes, yes. If you believe Jesus is God, what does it mean to have a God who suffers with you, et cetera. That turns into you. There are a lot of really terrible theologians out there. Okay.
26708	you seem to sort of feel a bit more anxious, and upset, and a little pressure even when you came in, knowing that you were going to tell me about what just happened. And, I think in a way relieved that or less fear than you often are, that what you were saying was going to either, you know, hurt me or that I was going to respond in a way that was kind of using it in some way to hurt you.
26725	sleep is a much better option than death. And it’s even a better option than worrying about it. I know that you’ve always told me that when you have those thoughts that you’re not thinking about actually following through on them. Rather than engaging in that cycle of thought for five minutes, if it’s not night time, take a nap. That’s better than…it’s better than engaging in a cycle of destructive thought. And maybe it will be better when you wake up, or maybe one of those other techniques can work and you can get some control over it. And I would try those first.
26732	Could you see why James is upset? I mean I sort of see it clearly enough that I can’t push past it to get to how I’m upset. But I don’t know what to do about that. Well it kind of struck me is that there’s really no room for both of you to be upset, somehow. In other words, I mean I think this is a very sort of
26754	I don't know I'm just really... Well I think that could be one of the things that for you right now is most anxiety provoking about not only finding the note but then to discover in the whole system of your life, your shared life with Ivan that neither of you has a set of parents or even a single parent who you can turn to for some guidance and support through all this and that's devastating. Maybe...so my sister said
26811	So the easy tendency you have, if you let yourself, is to be distracted...to shift focus .... Yes. So just watch it. OK. Just watch it. It perhaps is partly contributed to because you are very bright. You do get stimulated when you're encouraged. Your enthusiasm flares, and you'll hop from disputing to asking about, "Is this good for intelligent people?" ...before you have completed the disputing!
26830	I can still accept myself, unconditionally. ....I can I can still accept myself despite not being a perfect human, and there is no such thing. What was that last thing you said? And there is no such thing. Good to hear you say that ! Right. It is really scary to do this kind of stuff, though.
26838	will need to sort of help you weather these more difficult periods. You know getting some satisfaction that you are adhering to that. In other words this shouldn’t only be a reason not to leave, it should be a something that sustained you while you stay. Hmm. Yes that I hadn’t thought about.
26845	Okay now "Cherchez le should" look for the "should's" and the "must's." So start again. OK, OK. I should... Start again. OK, I got you. All right. I shouldn't be feeling this way. I should be feeling better. I should be able to go to the gym. I should be happier. I should be braver about the situation of what has occurred.
26859	Certainly her mood has not been as dire as it has been in most of the hospitalization circumstances because it's obvious when her mood is that bad. Yeah, I think discouraged is right. I don't have a very clear sense of "here's a strategy that will win out in the end." Just keep doing this. I'll come here. She's see Josh.
26860	And it’s these friends of mine, Emma and Damian, who ... their house is borderline hoarder house and it makes me super stressed. Partially there’s stuff piled everywhere and there’s really not places to sit. And it reminds me of an ex who had very similar, piles and piles and piles and piles of stuff.
26876	I don't like being out of I like being in control. I like feeling like I know what's going on and I can control what's going on. I felt really out of control that day, like I couldn't stop what was happening. How long had you done coke for, before that day? A year, about a year. Not every day. Mostly a couple times a week, when we would go out, because that was the year I wasn't drinking, so to me it was my substitute. Were you drinking a lot before you started doing coke?
26877	Plus it's a rainy day. That's true, but for the most part, being up and being out of the house you're getting enough of that during this time of year that that probably wouldn't make a difference. You're getting enough to be adequate just because you're up and out and you're in a car that has lots of windows. Yes, on a very gray, overcast day you might not; but for the most part, in summer most people don't have mood effects in the spring and summer due to lack of light.
26889	these aren’t side effects, they’re part of what’s affecting you. It sounds like the sort of thing it’s supposed to be helping with, and then the other stuff, it would help more with, or whatever, didn’t get in the way... I mean I know you’re having a hard time, it’s not like I’m I’m not intending to just blame everything on the medicine, but in that your reaction to this was so different.
26946	Where do you want to start today? I'm not sure. Like things are getting better with Sydney. Like when we talked after the fight. So I think the problem I guess is my tone of voice when I'm mad at him. And... Because like when we get into an argument, you know, and he says I'm yelling at him. I'm like, "I'm not yelling." He's like, "Well you sound really upset." Yeah. And I'm like, "I am really upset." Like... I mean, I guess the solution then is to figure out how to fix my tone of voice
26965	Yeah. Then I wasn't even feeling sad. I had to dye . . . You felt good enough to be productive and dye the wool. I had to dye one thing, but then I decided to dye four skeins of yarn while I was at it. That was even when I was feeling good. Things that I normally wouldn't forget. Right. That's something easily distracted. You mentioned having thoughts of selfharm. Can you describe the thoughts for me?
26968	They all love her a lot and have for years now. It's hard. We talked some months ago I was talking with them a lot, but what am I supposed to tell them and not tell them? At some point I just don't need to tell in some sense I need not to tell them that she once tried to kill herself. You didn't tell me that either. Well . . . It takes me a while to trust people. I don't know.
26998	If there's a weekend or something, or if I'm by myself, I'll eat. Even if I'm eating a salad, like I'll sit down, I'll turn something on the TV, I'll eat my salad or whatever I'm eating, and then when the food's done, then I turn the TV off and I go back to work or something like that. Mm-hmm. I still kind of have that part of the habit, you know? But...
27001	It's not very well organized. I think it's my brain chemistry. That seems like the only logical explanation. That's the only thing that would be possible for me to be this out of proportion upset to things that are stressing me out. And you feel like you have absolutely no control over that? Yeah, maybe I could take a little more Klonopin, but I don't think it's going to be enough to have any lasting effect.
27057	Hi, I’m one of the psychiatrists who work here in the Department of Psychological Medicine and I’m seeing you today because you were referred up from the emergency room. I understand that you were brought in by ambulance last night after cutting your arms and overdosing on Tylenol. It looks like you are bandaged up. Are you still feeling suicidal today? I never was. I need to get out of here. I need to see Carl. Is Carl your boyfriend?  Yeah. How long have you been together?
27058	I'm serious. I don't know. What did it look like to you? I don't know. I don't know. One of the reasons I asked is because I'm just really trying to kind of focus in and be very kind of attentive to all of this. Had you had that feeling before in your belly or stomach? It seems like have you had that feeling before? Is it usually associated with crying?
27089	I am busy and not concerned about happiness. I need to train and I am tired of everyone nagging me about what I eat and how much I exercise. I am the smartest in my class and one of the best runners on the team. I don’t have time for all of this. I am only here to keep my mom off my back.
27098	There's that but there's also the, uh, things might be changing somewhat but it's not fast enough, it's not this enough, it's not enough. Mm. And it doesn't meet up where my expectations It doesn't meet up where I thought things would be, so what if it doesn't continue to progress. Or what if it doesn't progress at a rapid enough rate? What if it And it snowballs a bit. Mm hm.
27112	Does that sound like a temporary plan? I guess. It's my spring break so I'm home unless I spend my days I mean I could go to the library every day but... And he's at work? He now, as of this morning, has a schedule for the next couple days. Okay. So you'll have some time then apart and the evenings together? Hopefully.
27144	She's worried he's got — you know, his cubby is a mess. He's got food and he leaves stuff there. Every six-year-old boy whose cubby — He leaves stuff. — is a mess and who leaves stuff, this is what I'm concerned about. If every sixyear-old boy whose cubby was a mess, who lost stuff, who didn't follow their parents' directions, who didn't follow through with things, was diagnosed with ADHD then there would probably be three six-year-old boys and two of them who were asleep who did not meet the criteria for ADHD.
27164	It's always a roll of the dice when you go to Supercuts. You never know who you're going to get. Shockingly, my hair is not easy to cut. They're afraid of me being bald and then on the top if it's too short, it sticks straight up. I'm like, "Just cut it short. It will grow back." It saves me money because it's the less I have to get my hair cut. Cut it short and I'll let it grow long. I go like four times a year.
27172	You're going to have to give up some civil liberties. So when it was all over it did feel good. I went out with people thanking cops and that felt pretty amazing. They were doing all these sweeps. They came to our house several times. One of the times on Friday before they'd caught this guy,
27240	Those are good ideas, yeah. On a really hot day like today even walking around outside for a bit, but you can also find ways in an air conditioned building take the stairs, things like that, so that you don't feel like you're uncomfortable out in the heat but you can still find ways to walk indoors where it might be air conditioned. It sounds like you're being more aware. Keep plugging away at it. I haven't even looked at the scale in a week or two and I don't even know if I want to look at it.
27262	of is it very well could." It's not like we don't know where they are at all, but then it's like what are the chances they're going to end up at my house? But when literally there's a major event, cluster fuck, clearly it could happen. It's here. He's going to end up in someone's yard or house. Exactly. Exactly.
27269	Then you actually get this loving care which you need, and yet it's in this place that leaves you with kind of rocky feelings about it because it's actually not where it should be coming from, even more so. Yeah. And I feel bad because she's not telling me about her bad days. Emma is not a complainer but she's not, like nothing. And that doesn't feel like a two way street because it's not so much all the time. Mm hm.
27285	But that, maybe that’s a good description, because that’s also somewhat true emotionally, so... The couple of times we’ve sat largely in silence for periods of time. You... suggested during one of those that you thought it was very important to give people space, that’s just a thing that was missing from our culture more generally... So, years ago, I used to be able to like, look at a person and think while I was doing it.
27305	There can be. I mean a kid who’s heard that 300 times before, which is probably about the number there’ve going to have heard it most of time, like from a parent. You know, you can say that, and they’re like, okay. I mean you know, neither really work out or something, but you can say that.
27340	I, you don’t have to think about anything. I was... that particular formulation of the question supposes an answer, and so, but I really meant what do you do. Do you think about other things as a, you know, anything or... because there is a real sense in which like, I am engaged in something else. I have no idea what you’re doing.
27350	The problem I have is that now I have basically a month of waiting because I've applied to all of the positions. There aren't going to be very many positions being posted because most schools do their contract renewals somewhere around spring break or earlier, like in February or early March, and so they post new openings in February or March. I see. You applied for . . ?
27351	So that, doing that would be one way maybe if there is two that are interesting, maybe if you had some sort of incentive and reward for yourself you might be more likely to do it. Maybe. I don't know. So you see... You're having some of the same behavior that your boyfriend is having for different things. But my behavior affects him a lot less than his affects me. That is true. And I'm applying to one job per week. Yes. That is true. And I don't see...
27362	Yeah, it’s not constant, it’s just that it’s kind of like, well, you know, it’s comforting to　have the concept of it more than anything. And also, like, walking around a lot, blah blah blah.　I don’t know if I really could say for awhile. Yeah.
27368	Your baby was removed and taken to foster care after the ambulance responded to your home last night. Can you tell me about the other three children? They took them from me. Nobody cares. Who the hell do they think they are? I hate you all! My kids need me. I wish Carl would come and get me from this place. Oh, screw him. What about your family? Can they help with the kids? Mom died when I was four and dad is a drunk no good SOB. What do they care?
27375	than not knowing that, you know, they also deal with this. And you're not alone somehow. Yeah. That I didn't somehow just end up this way, that nobody else did. Mm-hmm. That seems like quite new information. Yeah. I never knew. I never really knew that they yeah. No, it's definitely really new information for me. Because you were saying last week, you don't think your dad has ever gotten treatment, because that's kind of who he is.
27417	or I feel like there's nothing that we're going to do today that's any different from the last time we did exactly the same day, and nothing's changed. So Realistically, I think she's coping with it better in the sense that if the claim is true, she's been off and on suicidal for several months without being hospitalized so that's probably good.
27422	psychosomatic after your father's death. All the fears about "Now me, am I having a heart attack? Am I getting cancer?" That's a form of hyper-vigilant waiting
27439	keeping those thoughts in mind can speed up the process of it going away because it’s the anxious worried thoughts that keep you tight and anxious and worried. Some good distraction techniques – sometimes hopping into a warm shower if you can, you know, if you’re at home and you can do that. You can try it if you have a heating pad, you can try putting a heating pad on your chest to relax the area.
27472	I just wipe my phone down with bleached wipes every time I come into my office. I also wipe the door knob or avoid it. I don’t know if anyone at work knows the extent of my compulsions. I think my secretary knows because she has worked or me for the past ten years, since I started. How many kids do you have and what are the ages?
27489	Yes, I can see that too. Although even just in literature, by the time you’re a post - doc, you’d think you couldn’t get away with purely looking at the internal structure of the books you’re reading, or something like that, but I don’t really know. It was just so... and part of me is like, I don’t know, maybe she’s dumbing it down for the audience, or like, partially it just seems baffling. What I am wondering about, and the answer to this might just be no,
27492	Right. But you're probably right, aren't you? I mean, they probably should. Yeah, it never hurts.
27501	That. Sort of that thing. I don’t know how to articulate it better than that. But there’s a sense of like scope and depth to it sort of like. We talk about we can’t talk about many things and it doesn’t have to stay shallow in any particular way. There aren’t like intense moments of danger of some kind in the conversation. And so with Tanya that feels like moments of danger?
27536	and I want to make sure I’m correct that you really don’t want to go to the hospital. Part of me does, because it’s hard to have to keep the fight and not kill myself. Yeah. And part of me; most of me doesn’t, because it’s a pain in the ass, and it doesn’t seem I feel like I got to the same place that I started out in. I the option.
27541	Sitting here looking for a good segue. Another thing that I’ve been anxious about is sort of where we left things last week. That’s been less pressing in the last several days because I’ve been much more anxious about these other things; certain things have been on my mind also.
27554	so I, I, I just call him Sir. You call him Sir? He likes to be called Sir, yeah. Ok, and what kind of things, when he’s talking to you, what kind of things does he say to you? He tells me I’m fantastic... - You know, how great I am for doing this... - Uhuh....and getting stuck into this and keeping at it and that I should show it to people, and that’s what, that’s what I do, I come out and I show it to people. There’s some stuff...
27558	So it's not surprising if you're so hard on yourself and then not comfortably unconditionally accepting yourself, that it would be quite easy to find it difficult to receive unconditional acceptance from another when you're not being Ms. Perky, cheerful, happy, bright Jessa? Exactly. In your assessment? I haven't heard from you that she's complaining...
27560	But then we had the conversation where she asked me directly if we were okay, so I sort of put it out there anyway because there is a sense in which that, in itself, is an act of trust. For me trust is, in part, built by trusting a little more than might be reasonable and seeing what happens. You can build a considerable amount of trust in that way, but in smaller risk steps. I think it's too soon to tell whether she actually can or not, but she could in that moment acknowledge that,
27581	And then you do detective work. So then what happens? What is the next step after doing what you've just done and done very well a few minutes ago in finding the "shoulds"? Is it clear to you, when you describe or observe something, that thing itself is not what is getting you in trouble? "My friends can go to the gym." Is it clear that fact or thought is not what causes the depression?
27626	Yeah, Josh when he had the procedure done, before and after, he is so anxious. I mean he stares at the monitor just waiting for his heart to go to rhythm which is reasonable because sometimes it does. You know, he wouldn't eat anything after he got his last procedure done just in case he went out of rhythm so that he could do it again, just in case. And this can't be the For how long did he do that? I mean they keep him there for like an hour or so. That can't be good for your recovery or anything. I keep teasing him about how we both should go to meditation
27649	Yeah. You know. And it sounds like you're having that experience with medicine or anything that's you know, what you think of as foreign in your body or potentially poison. It sounds like a traumatic reaction. And I mean, eating definitely does give me a bit of anxiety, but not in the same way that medicine does. So it's not like when I'm eating that I think something bad is going to happen, but just knowing. Becausee
27655	There's not really much I can do about having enough time in the evenings. I guess if I could cook things on Sunday or Monday. It would take a bunch of work but I could, at least intheory, make a few quiches and then have the few quiches be my lunches for that week and possibly also dinners. So I could, in theory, cook things ahead of time and that would make that part easier. I usually still in the morning getting breakfast together slows me down, like even if I'm eating it in the car. If I put cream cheese on the rice cakes the night before then they'll get all sad.
27657	though, him learning to skate, falling all over the place, those little kids. He hasn't been signed up yet, so I'm anxious about that. I've got to sign him up and then we bring the check. Where is it? You know where YMCA is? There's a rink two blocks from the house. He's already been to the fire house, but... Can't take too many trips to the fire house. I guess not.
27688	Okay. That seems like it would be a good thing too. Yeah. She said, apparently, ECT will just like keep treating me, so I'm going to have to tell them to stop eventually. I don't know. Still really sad. Oh well. Glad to be back. I don't know. My psychiatrist in the hospital lives in next to me. Is it a different one than the last time?
27702	I guess a main reason I wonder about it is difficulties with attention and even organization can relate to depression and anxiety as well. You know, if somebody is depressed they have a lot more trouble focusing oftentimes, and so with paying attention and following through, they tend to be a little less organized and just generally less on top of things. It can be difficult to differentiate which is which. I guess the primary way of doing that would be — there are a few ways to think about it.
27791	And I’m not sure what... you know, that’s certainly not one thing. It’s maybe to some extent unknowable, but it’s still interesting what creates those shifts. I think, I think there is a difference in... I mean like, I don’t have an answer, but... I feel like a large part of what we’re doing here is struggling to interpret or understand what’s going on in my life or me.
27805	Good morning. Good morning.I am at a loss as to what to talk about again although I think in a better way this week. In general, I feel better this week than I have for the last couple of weeks. That is a good thing. The causes are not immediately obvious but I think some of it is feeling like I have been telling people that I'm upset and trying to deal with that in a, I guess, direct fashion. I don't know
27826	I find this happening so much that I am late for my job. In the morning on my way to work I have had to turn around and drive home to see if I remembered to turn off the coffee pot. This is embarrassing because I know what I am doing but I can’t stop it. What do you feel will happen if you do not do these things over and over?
27879	So I'm wondering how much of what you felt this past week is fueled by having your timeline laid out for you.
27883	Totally. I hear you. That's what you're saying, "These are the things I keep trying to tell myself." That's part of what you're doing. Yeah, like you said, I'm just kind of waiting to feel those things instead of telling myself those things. Even being interested in what your experience is of this instead of judging it. Right. I'm trying not to be so hard on myself.
27896	I feel like I know which of those you would fall on, but . . . You mean . . ? Your approach tends to be like I don’t think that matters all that much. It’s funny talking with people in the hospital. People get very attached to their diagnoses. I think I only notice that because I don’t have one in the same way. I don’t think I’m really expecting you to weigh in on this much.
28030	so that was has disappeared. It's hard to have that gone. And the day we took her to the airport we took her at like 5 in the morning and we didn't get much sleep and I figured I'd just get, you know, have a day it started really early and I was destroyed all day. I don't know if it was the exhaustion
28031	We may not be able to prevent every symptom or every episode of depression. Our goal is to reduce the frequency and alleviate some of the intensity that you feel. It's just really hard when I get to the point of wanting to hurt myself. It's not hard to prevent myself from hurting myself, but it's hard to . . .
28104	he's going to die anyway, just do it. It was a fucking . . . it was just . . . you know. I don't know. From the starting point of hearing the noises and then seeing them, I would think that alone is . . . Oh, yeah. Just like the sounds were so loud. It was clearly . . . there was no confusing . . . I mean it was surreal. It was surreal. Suddenly it sounded like there was a war going on.
28137	It’s not, I mean, yeah, my husband’s getting really fed up with it, to be honest doctor. He’s been really, really kind and really supportive but I think it’s starting to affect his life quite a lot now.
28148	I haven't really experimented with . . . I've at least figured out that if I'm going to cut up vegetables it's better to do that at work and take a longer lunch than to have that . . . That chore in the morning. Well not just that, but if I do it before I leave, 15 minutes will make a huge difference in the commute, so I've started doing that at work. That feels a lot better for me.
28185	So this is not a question to evade that question. But I am curious about this. Do you think about that in other situations as well, when you’re with other people? Or is it just that we tend not to be, we’re not exactly interactive in a way, at those moments, and that’s what makes you curious,
28244	Yeah, it is, yeah. I hope that things are continuing to improve very slowly. It sounds like they are. Are there other things we should catch up on because I do want to make time to do some relaxation? And so I'm conscious of saving time for it today. That's good. So let's do good long breathing practice and some relaxation. Let's do co-pay before we get relaxed to break your mood by looking for checks or money.
28311	or that Tanya can’t talk about. Those feel dangerous to me because I don’t trust Tanya to handle her emotions. So I guess I don’t have trust that it’s going to be okay or that like. So we’re taking and I mean Candace and I were talking and you know she was essentially asking how I was doing in all this. She was here last year while Tanya was doing the ACTs so like I don’t know, that was I think a very hard time for her, yes.
28343	Yes. You’re very purposive in what you do. And that, in some ways, that has been very clear. So you’re sort of saying, “Yes of course, and it’s in this particular fashion.” Yeah, I mean, that’s also reassuring. But... I guess I was sort of sitting here, wondering why you would say that, but you’ve just answered. But I’m also... wondering
28350	is, are you doing that thing at all where when somebody pisses you off, you tend to be a little more critical, you know what I mean? I’m thinking of that story, the Cambridge Business Review story? I’m not sure at all that’s what’s going on, but it did cross my mind to ask. I don’t know. It’s not that I don’t believe she could be that bad. I just ...
28400	it was going to be before I started feeling embarrassed and guilty. So I think that's what happened in Geneva, like the more food I brought back to my little studio, the longer I'd occupy myself eating it, the longer I could have that period of happiness, before I felt like oh, God, I can't believe I just did that again.
28426	Oh, my goodness. This was at night, you mean? This was Thursday after they killed that cop and got chased into Cheshire. I don't know. It's going to take some time. And then what was it 20 hours? I don't know. It's hard to put into words that kind of terror because at that point you're like, "Well, this guy has nothing. Obviously he knows it's over." They didn't care about dying or killing other people so
28430	Sometimes when you're packing up you have to erase some stuff. Yeah, so I think if I had to do that it wouldn't be a big deal. I think it's just the fact that my room isn't well organized is probably what's making it seem like such a big deal. If I can just put things into bins and contain them, then maybe it wouldn't feel so bad. So is there a project you could do on a day that you're home this week that would help you to feel more organized or more prepared? Maybe. There's a smaller bin that
28434	I go check on them after my heart slows and my shaking quits from the nightmare. Can you talk about the nightmares? Are they the same or different? They are mostly the same. Someone is in the house chasing me and I need to save my family before he gets to them and kills us all. They are dark dreams. I don’t share with anyone outside of counseling.
28438	She completely blew that off and redirected the conversation to talking about my dad and why he is the way he is kind of arm-chair diagnosing him from a distance, which I certainly don't have enough insight into what's going on to provide enough symptoms for... That's certainly not useful or a shrink's style to diagnose anybody that you haven't met with. Right. Maybe he does have PTSD. That's quite likely given his history, but there is nothing I can do about that
28443	That felt good. I need to go to the grocery store and get stuff for so we can have those on the days that I'm not having work. Sydney apparently is losing weight now just by eating I don't even know what he did, but he was like, "Oh, I lost a few pounds." I'm worried that I can't do the same thing. I don't know what it is, other than I guess he was doing a lot more overeating than I was when he was super depressed and now that I guess that isn't true, it's actually working. He's feeling less depressed and will order less ridiculous things for one meal. It's not a competition between you and Sydney.
28457	You know, there's no there's not distinct categories that's a continuum which makes it more complicated. It's like on one level you're not wanting to express yourself in the heat of the moment for fear of hurting Tanya, it all sounds reasonable enough, but there is more complexity to it than that. Does that always have to be the case? And if it does have to be the case right now, for how long does it have to be the case Because I don't know that it's really a sustainable thing for years. I'm not even sure that's really a relationship again.
28460	"Just stop going to Facebook. Stop looking at like deliberately torture yourself." Like, "Ooh, I'll start Facebook in the morning so I can feel bad all day." But he's right about that. Then I'm like, "But I have to develop those impulses." And so I can be emotionally strong and look at things objectively. And he's like, "Well, until you do that, you shouldn't." I don't know.
28462	It's almost like you don't realize how mean that is. Mm hm. You're just used to that being the running threat almost. It feels necessary for me to feel bad about it. Hm. Just like when I got the gift card it felt necessary, it felt absolutely necessary, for me to feel bad. To say, "I hate myself," ? Like why is it necessary to feel bad when someone gives you a gift? I always do. Hm.
28591	And then as you let yourself get more comfortable let yourself extend your breath so that you're taking slightly longer, fuller inhales and exhales.  Today I want to try something called timed breathing. You're going to work to your own time. What you're going to do is as you inhale do a regular inhale and just count to four as you do it.
28605	How many times are you checking the locks on the doors and windows? I check everything before I leave for work, when I come home from work and before bed and waking in the morning. If I check three times, then it feels right. I feel relief if I check and count three times. How about your sleeping habits? Have you had any trouble with sleep?
28673	I see. I guess something related that I like about Vanessa is the spoon metaphor. I’m sorry, Lucy’s spoon metaphor, is the garbage disposal doesn’t digest spoons; it just mangles them. Yeah. And there’s that kind of feeling what you’re describing like, Vanessa and Yvonne seem kind of mangled, like they’re not – this stuff is just racking them. Yeah.
28684	Yeah, I think it's comforting to have the problem understood thoroughly and the long-range answer to it described in careful detail. You're not painting rosy pictures in any sense but other pictures where things are okay and they'll descriptions were how to get there in a long term scale sense, I think. How does that make me feel? So then I can sort of dwell on what it might look like to go along the path you know,
28693	it includes being quote "somewhat motherly" if we're going to use that as the stereotype of what does it mean to say to someone, "How was your day? How's that going?" You know, "How was the interview. Oh, have you done this. Oh, how are you feeling? You were sick yesterday." The kind of following up on. Mm hm.
28713	I feel like the same thing is going on in both circumstances. In a sense I am protecting my mother and I am protecting Tanya. In the case of Tanya wanting to kill herself I'm not protecting Tanya as much because I don't think there's that much more conveyed about her state, in some way, but the impact on my mother or whomever would be greater with more details.
28758	I don’t know. I know I got asked to this. I don’t know. I don’t know. I told my mom, even though I’m sure my brother would hate that, what’s going on. And I don’t really—I don’t understand or get what my brother has against my parents, other than—I don’t know. I don’t understand that freeze-out or whatever he was doing. I don’t know. I don’t know. He’s just blaming them for his situation, but I’m not quite sure.
28782	Yeah. That has to do with there's some amount of trust I put in you because this is your job. But I think I've mentioned before that I don't trust that many people to do their jobs very well. Yes, and you've been under whelmed by how some people are doing their jobs. Absolutely. So that's why I said change that because it's not like just you having this job makes me trust you.
28825	Cool. CLIENT: Unfortunately we've got to wait until May. The fundraising that they do, they used to subsidize these things so instead of it being $55 a person, it was only $30 a person. Nice. It's still expensive, but not. Yeah, not too bad. For a weekend to entertain him and have fun. It's an overnight that's not out in the woods where Jess is freaking out about Lyme disease, you know.
28874	Just not listening. Bouncing around, not listening... "Don't bring food in here," and he brings food in here. "Don't bring food in here," and he brings food in here. Up on the couch. Right. So... I don't know why he acts really different with me. Just probably because he's around her enough that he knows her buttons. He hasn't figured out mine yet. Or maybe he fears me. I tickle him.
28883	And so that's been sent in and they've received it. Hopefully, they'll pay for some of it at least. But I had forgotten that that was sent in, that we actually did that, because I can't remember anything. So I just thought I had been ignoring this guy from the ambulance company. And then another message was I actually didn't make it through all of the messages because I was freaking out too much. Yeah, I had to hang up.
28914	She does that some, too, but sometimes she just wants to sit in the stroller and be cranky. She doesn't want anything else. It starts early. I see you're choosing your words carefully. How to respond to that one. I need coffee. I'll just go home and make coffee. It's such a pain, though. Go home, the three or four minutes it takes it takes it awhile.
28935	have the kind of beat yourself up quality that feeling low can have? For you, it’s more like, like I get a sense that you’re indulging yourself a lot, or blaming to yourself, or feeling inadequate; sometimes you’re just feeling awful. Yeah.
29005	Therefore, the "should," the awfulizing, the self-damnation or the damnation of them... I see. You see? Mm-hmm. So that is the detective work. What I've just done is remind you that, when you identify an unhealthy emotion, which you haven't too much in the past said you felt depressed; it was more anxiety, wasn't it? you investigate which thoughts are creating it ... Mm-hmm.
29048	No, no the last part, that I need to talk about something else. I see. Like this is going in a bad place for me personally. Can we move to something else? So modulating somehow or moderating? Yes, yes, yes. Protecting herself also and expressing her needs at a time when they can be met still.
29116	that I... recognize, we talk and... that, in a sense... identifies and tags feelings and particular trends in my feelings. Then I monitor those when they’re happening. That allows me to... continue to experience them as feelings, but also recognize... that’s part of a repeated thing, in some sense. This is... “I feel like things are ruined.” It’s okay. They are not ruined. They...
29150	Yeah. Well, that's what he projects. I know it's funny, I went up to Wellesley Tuesday, to hear a talk, and saw some of my classmates and professors, and I'm not on campus this semester. Obviously, the first thing that everybody notices, t
29160	I don't know. It's like really unfortunate. I just feel so trapped because all I can really do is send out job applications and it's not really doing anything and I'm stuck. Well you can send out job applications which you're doing some. Yes. And you can do the dreaded networking thing. Yeah everytime I try to think it through I can't think of anyone that would be a good person to talk to and that could actually get me a job because I don't necessarily know people
29162	For being a psychic! Stop. Well, you just said to me before even attempting it, that it is going to be challenging! Let's say it is going to be challenging. Then...? OK. Nothing bad is going to happen. Then, maybe it is going to be challenging, but maybe it won't be. All right.
29163	So it sounds like what's really making you feel anxious in moments or parts of the day is when you're kind of predicting the future thinking about having to get to work. Will I have enough time? Will I have time to get this project done? Will I be able to do this thing on my own in the evening? How does it usually turn out?
29203	her own life there in California and it's not really a part of ours and in some ways, you know, I feel lucky for that and then in some ways, I don't want to be like that with my kids. Not that I want them to feel like I'm a burden, but I, I would want more of a closeness. More of them in my life. Especially, as I get, you know, as I'm getting older.
29210	That was just never, I don't know, maybe because I figured out how to soberly succeed academically first semester, that it didn't you know, cocaine for me was after my papers were done, when we were going to the bar. As a recreation. Yeah. And then
29286	yeah. It brought up lots of things, you know? In a way it just shows that life is short. It's more like trying to beat the clock. This shit that I'm juggling and trying to get done, it's just . . . Work-wise it makes sense. In relationships, I think it feels more confusing what this kind of threat, loss, conflict . . . Yeah, in relationships, I don't know.
29294	it’s not entirely his fault, in that the situation has sort of changed, you know. Yeah, absolutely. And where at least in your sense of it, he can’t be upset that, you know, you’re mad at him, and Yeah I imagine that - he was trying to do something he thought was helpful at least consciously,
29305	So I think that I will apply for a post-doc with a couple of people that it seems like I would be relatively happy to work with. There are a few other people I could apply for a post-doc with that I don't think I will. Do you and Tanya talk about this? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mostly in the context of where. Who it would be. I think I told you that I fixed that chapter of my dissertation that was falling apart. Did I mention that? Okay. So that
29342	I’m the psychiatrist here in this department. I came to see you because my GP sent me to see you didn’t he? Yeah, yeah. He said come and see a trick cyclist cos then you’ll be alright. Come and see a...? - A trick cyclist...a psychiatrist? Yeah. He’s not had time to listen to me you see.... Ok. ....cause he’s a GP, he’s a doctor.......
29347	One important piece is that I was trying to do something that was at the edges of what was possible, in terms of like two weeks before that I had nothing formatted for the dissertation, and my papers separately. So I essentially put everything into the dissertation and wrote half of it entirely in the two-week period-or two-and-a-half week period, because it took me little longer. So I wouldn't really recommend that either, but that was what I did. And I feel like there's an important question in why did I do that there.
29379	That was different than what we've done before. What was that like for you? Holding my breath for four was a little bit dizzying though, it shouldn't have been. Don't judge it. It is what it is. Yeah, but like I sing. I've had to do holding, you know, using my air for a lot longer than that. It's from sitting down and stuff
29385	It's like I'm pretty good at keeping the focus off of myself and then feel kind of resentful about it, which doesn't help. You're in a difficult situation, where it's hard to be in touch with yourself and hurt at the same time. I don't know. Maybe she was more in touch with you that way or has been consistent in responding. I don't know. It's like we can either have the conversation about me or we can have the conversation about her. It doesn't feel like both can happen in the same conversation. I see.
29401	So eventually she asked if we were okay and so we had a conversation which, after thinking a while about whether I said anything or not, I acknowledged that I was angry that her illness or her actions or some spectrum in there has really hurt me over the last several months and that I just need some time to recover from that. I don't know if I should have had that conversation or not. I wasn't sure while I was having it.
29409	Well, so it's probably not right its probably because you've done, with singing you do breath work whether you're focusing on breath work or not. Right? Yeah. It just happens to be singing. So it's probably the, the dizzy feeling is probably not about the air. But you felt it, so it means something. I guess. So maybe it's just uncomfortable for you. So it's not dangerous.
29424	But then it's depressing because I know this is going to happen again. I'm surprised it doesn't happen more often. That's just very depressing. It's a big country and there are a lot of people, just random, just freaks. Overall I guess I'm okay. I just feel tired. I definitely feel kind of depressed. I don't feel very motivated. I've been feeling a little bit sick to my stomach
29461	Even if we're like watching a TV show or something, the panic's still there. I guess there has to be something where I'm like actually required like because of rehearsal I'm required to do things, you know, I have to sing. I can't just stand there, so - Are there thoughts that trigger the panic? I know once it starts you say you just kind of think, 'I'm panicking, I'm panicking.' But I wonder if you notice what happens just before you notice the panic.
29469	It’s just hard to make all the right choices because it’s so easy to like, you know, just sleep in. Like, you know, even on Monday morning, I had my game; like the alarm went off and we had like more time that we could sleep and I wanted to go back to sleep because I knew that if I stayed up for a certain amount of time, the tightness would come back, and then it did. You know, and sleep seems like the only escape from it. And I can’t sleep all the time. No, you can’t.
29508	Yeah. But that it might come back. So don't get sick. Thank you.
29524	Should I even try to call his mom? I think it would be helpful to you to try to see what happens.
29555	So you never went to the ER?No. I came down from it towards the end of the Red Cross session and decided that I felt okay enough to stay out and that I just wasn't doing any more of that and I wasn't going to drink and I was just going to see my friends. I don't remember really,
29562	I, um, I should've done this earlier. But I guess I feel like I need something, I don't know. This job search is getting depressing - Mm. I'm feeling depressed and down on myself. Mm. I need, I think, an emotional boost or some kind of boost because I'm getting to the point where I'm like, "Why am I even going to look on this job where there isn't going to be anything." Mm.
29569	and that is why I don't really want to do this one, because it it feels like, "Oh, Debbie, actually did know that I was struggling to get across town, and that I wasn't going to call." It almost feels like it is the cover. Like, I'm admitting this, but that it is that I'm not perfect. And I... ...As I should be. Yes. Could you just...?
29584	that should have taken 15 minutes. So bored, frustrated, no panic. When do you feel stressed? When you look back over the week and you say "I still feel stressed," when are you noticing it? I think it's when I get up in the morning and I have to get myself to work; or in the evening when I need to get things done before I go to bed and I'm like, "How will have food for tomorrow or have dinner tonight?"
29627	which I have been doing. But it’s not helping me at all to like spend an hour on phone with someone who is telling me in detail about their suicidal ideations. But you know, this is someone I’ve been friends with for a long time and who I care about.
29680	Not close enough to actually be contemplating making plans. That part's good. Yeah. But close enough to be thinking about it? Yeah. I'm really tired of this particular song and dance. What's that? Fighting off suicidal urges. Tell me about how you're really sick of it.The first time I wanted to kill myself I was eleven. I ate a pack of my parents' cigarettes. It was not a very pleasant plan.
29690	I hear you wanting something that's not going to exist for you. Okay. So we have to work within the limits of what is possible in reality and figure out which option is best for you. Do you hear what I'm saying?  Mm hm. I hear how bad it is Ramona, I did a lot of talking to Dr. Farrow from your eyes so that she understands. It sounds like she doesn't quite understand how bad it is and I try to tell her these kinds of things. Do you tell her all of this?
29768	relate to, but... Now I have the sense that by talking about what we’re doing, I’ve disturbed it. I know that that’s not strictly true, but... You’ve disturbed what we were doing, in talking about it? Like you’ve ruined it somehow? Yeah, it’s a really interesting choice of
29771	He's been doing better other than, we've gotten into a couple of fights the last couple of days like when I've been all panicky and like taking it out on him and I feel bad about doing that and - So you've kind of flip-flopped a little bit. He's been doing a little bit better and he's been doing a little bit worse. Yeah. I mean sometimes he still has problems like doing things like getting out of the house but in general, like he's been doing a lot better than he had been. Do you think there's any connection? Because he's doing better and I'm doing worse? I don't think so.
29781	Because it's sort of like, well, how is that even a question? Do you walk into a room and expect everyone to be interested in you and what you have to say? Hm. Hm. This-yeah, we-I'm realizing we need to stop, and we definitely have to come back to this I think, because it's so important. Okay. We defSo the next few Wednesdays are holidays.
29784	The stairs down to the basement at his place are really, really steep, so if I'm doing laundry at his place it's a lot easier if he carries them down; but I can carry down smaller amounts of things for myself, which I should be able to do if I have to. So I shouldn't actually be dependent on him for laundry and I'm not.
29790	distortion, it does sound, Ramona I've said this before, but just to say again because you often collapse what you're thinking about his job into only, "I must be very snobby if that's not good enough for me." It really sounds like you're saying you are not drawn to him not being passionately, proactively engaged in something. Which is very different than saying, "I just can't be married to someone who is a Subway manager."
29805	I need to be able to give you that feedback and now he would say that's ridiculous. You're overreacting. So, I think he heard that a little bit last night. I also think, you know, he says that my perception is not right. Clearly, his perception is not right. It's like there's no point in trying to. There are times I say okay I'm going to write it down on the calendar. Every day that Harold says he doesn't feel well. Every day that he does this.
29842	How do you link it to coming here and feeling more detached? Because the reason I came was to be more in touch with my feelings and be able to express my feelings. I imagine that's a scary thing for me. So, protections. You're going in the other direction? Yeah. That's what it feels like. How's your picking?
29846	Like if I had a paid internship to offer I would be like, "Here is this internship. It is paid with a stipend with X amount of money," or something. I don't think people are lacking for responses. Right? True. In this job market, the employer or the internship holder is not really at the burden of trying to get people to apply. But they might be trying to get good people to apply. I don't think it's worth your energy to debate it. Yeah.
29910	So that’s your series of questions…not really related to each other. I don’t want to come back to the last two in a moment, but start with the one at which you balked. I balked at one?
29912	No we talked about it for like five minutes and then she's like "Let's move on to where we left off," and I'm like "No, you don't get it, I can't even talk about any of our problems in here because he's going to go write another note or he's going to make another threat or worse he's going to continue finding ways to hide them." She tried to tell him "You need to tell Dr. Bourd about these things. You need to promise that," and he's like "No, I don't want to tell anyone because I shouldn't be feeling this way."
29918	the focus of individual for couple’s therapy is not whether either partner wants to be in the relationship. The goal is to make the relationship the best relationship it can be. Whether one wants to be in the relationship or not is a separate issue. A very important issue but not really the focus of couple’s therapy. It’s kind of like when a personal trainer answered and said I’m not really sure I want to get
29928	What have you been taking for meds? I have the 85mg of Desipramine and my birth control pill, vitamin D, vitamin B complex, and that's only in the morning. In the evening it's the 75mg of Seracol and 25-whatever-it-is mg of Klonopin.
29946	Do you remember when you were on Prozac and what dose? No....long time ago. Ok, and what about any family history, does anyone in your family have things like this? No, no it’s just me, it’s really, well they’re not really that clever you know. Who’s not that clever? My family. Your family?
29965	And so like a little bit after it came out, I was over like a family friend’s house, and there were like kids downstairs playing a game. And so I picked it up and played it, and just like could not – like I couldn’t get the character who walked around out of the corner. Like I was just in a corner the entire game. It was like well,
29975	Our families gets into this question of how do I let other people take care of me and how do I take care of them also and not ask them to carry too much? And then how do I balance all of that with what Tanya needs or seems to need at the same time? It's been a very hard optimization problem.
29977	I reread the end of The Affair yesterday. I told my sister that's what I was reading and she said, "Are you sure that's a good book for you to be reading when you're having a bad day?" I've never read that. It's Graham Greene. I've read it before but I've forgotten everything about it. It's about this man who had an affair with this woman. It's set just post-World War II in London.
30015	There was a lot that I didn't like about the treatment plan that she had; but the straw that broke the camel's back was that I had been wanting to kill myself, to the point where I was hording pills and I got scared enough to ask Dave to come and take them and hide them.
30036	And you're actually being your whole self and not just editing and picking and choosing what to say and who to be. She's being her whole self, but this event, in a way, is filling you with a massive amount of terror. Again, that's something
30061	I think the winter is driving me crazy. Just hearing like, you know, when I find out there’s going to be more snow it just makes me so sad and…  Yeah. I can’t deal with winter anymore, but there’s really nothing I, you know… That one’s out of your control. We can find ways to try to make the best of it, but absolutely we can’t control the weather. I mean unless I went on a trip somewhere. That is a way to escape it.
30082	Well, hopefully Ian will go to bed early. Sunday morning I'll probably end up sleeping late. I'll probably be a little hung over. The whole thing just makes me anxious. I don't know if it's just the closing that's making me anxious or if it's just having all of these things to do.I had a week of kind of coming home and just doing
30122	It's really hard, I feel like she doesn't get it, I feel like she blames me, she criticizes me and I feel like she says we need to deal with your anger and resentment and we never talk about Ivan's depression, I feel like she tries to counsel us like we are both...I don't know how to say this. I feel like she tries to counsel us like Ivan isn't depressed and having mood swings and having problems with memory things like that never enters the room I feel. So it's like superfluous because you can't expect the same result. Yeah.
30157	Well I have no access to what these criteria really are, so I have to sense that I have to say the right thing; I have to explain like how I would be a good fit for this position that may or may not exist based on criteria that I have no access to. So I find that nerve wrecking.
30159	like and we just put out these like I mean they were really big. It was like more than I would usually do so early in the day, and before I was about to be driving from Greenwich into the city, which just makes me like sick to my stomach that I did that, that I would think
30182	And it’s virtually impossible for me to do that in a healthy way. Like I just – I get swallowed. Yeah, like you’re just talking about in a way.
30219	He's going to sleep in my bed tonight. He's going to learn to skate tomorrow. It goes through March. That seems like an awful long time to teach kids to skate. I would think at some point they'd give them a stick and a puck and I don't know. So I've got to do that tomorrow. His Cub Scouts are visiting the fire station at 10:00. Neat.
30226	But... So there was a confusion of time in the dream too? No, no, no. Oh, yea. Maybe you're right, yea. In that piece anyway. Yea. Well, yea. I'm not sure what time it was. I just assumed that what that meant was like it's still today. But this guy this actor still looks like what he did when I actually used to have a crush on him as a ten year old or something. I don't know.
30238	don't find that anxiety does that for me. I think what he was saying is that he saw this connection to the anxiety of this character on the show and it spurred him to write that article. Anyway . . . I don't know. I feel like my depression and anxiety just makes me a worse person consistently. Certainly a more selfish person.
30268	You're so cute. Yes, yes. You're it is just so I'm so happy you are helping me; I am. I'm not just saying that. I really mean it. It is definitely I feel like a different person from when I came here, because I recognize what is going on. Good. All right. Back to disputing. More disputing. OK, all right. I know.
30292	like I mean I guess I would if he were to give me permission to like hurt myself like in a way that wasn't permanently damaging, if could figure that out like that would be something that would actually be productive because then I though I don't even know that hurting myself in a non-permanently destructive way would
30297	the way that I am at work. So I felt a lot more anxious yesterday about where Amelia was and what she was doing, compared to today. We touched base maybe one or two times, via text message,
30317	I feel like that helps me sort of get my head around it or have some power over it. But it also seems to maybe leave out everything essential. Or Well I think you have two worries about conveying it.
30326	Oh, you are? Yes. These are maybe good questions to discuss whether or not it would be useful or beneficial to take more, to take some of that additional Klonopin sort of on an as-needed basis; or whether it would be better to switch to something else. These are good questions for discussion. I just don't know what to do. I think nothing is really helping and I've gotten to the point that I'm not sure anything else could.
30336	yeah, I think you’re probably right, that there’s a way in which you are wanting me to kind of just validate, but also like tip in and kind of encourage your right to sort of protect yourself from them. You know, either by telling her that you don’t want to see her, or don’t want see her without the babysitter. Or
30356	I think one of the things that work when looking for is not how to make huge changes, but places where you can feel les trapped, because I think that feeling, that tightening in your chest and that I want to escape, and sometimes that translates to like I should kill myself to stop this. Those are…it seems to me that those all come from feeling like you don’t have any choices and that you’re trapped. And you know, that can be from, you know, all these snow storms feel like they’re kind of trapping, the small apartment feels like it’s trapping, you know,
30381	So I'm clear. You have new insurance but you don't have any information yet. When you get it you'll give it to me and I will give it a whirl billing it and we'll see how that goes. Yes. I need to catch my breath. The post office downstairs is awfully cranky. Oh, really? I got here early. This is the Kinko's? No, the U.S. Post Office. I got here a little bit early because I had a package to mail to a friend in the U.K.
30391	I'm not sure if I should tell them that will be done in December or if I will be done in September or October, which is when I could finish all the work that I was hired to do. How do you feel about this new information? I feel like I should be applying for jobs again; but then I felt depressed again yesterday and today so I haven't. I looked at one of the job sites and a lot of the things that I found weren't going to work. One that sounded really good was a temporary summer position and I don't think I could take that time off from work and then go you know.
30430	Yeah and I keep having things that felt like they were going to get me out of it like I gave a talk at school and it was really fun and I got really pumped and then I came home and we were supposed to take his mom out for dinner and he had tried to go out to Staples by himself and like felt like he was out of control walking so that kind of killed it. Every day I felt like I was like going to do a push through and then something would happen and I just couldn't cope.
30477	Which you still might have a problem with. Some people might, some people might not for various reasons. Right? There are different things that feel valuable to people. But if he had come to you two years ago and said, "You know what? I love retail, I love," you know, like, "multitasking. And I'm thinking I want to work to become an owner of a store one day. Or, you know, buy a franchise." Or, "This is what I I'm going to get into. What do you think of Subway?" And if it had
30538	Well, and you’re acutely aware that all organizations, I was going to say most, but all organizations are so far from perfect. And that difference between how you feel they ought to run and how they actually run is disappointing. I think sometimes you’re not sure what to do with that disappointment like, whether you should trust them at all, then. Yeah, and that disappointment is related to this...
30539	Right. You know, right? Cause and effect. Immediate effect of your action. You go clean, it's clean. So this is really hard to kind of persist and know that the reinforcement will come, but it's very, very infrequent reinforcement. I just think that those are the facts. So the more you can start challenging the thought of, "It's hopeless," with, I don't know what you would replace that with. It has an effect.
30566	Is it that? Mm hm. On top of depression, he's depressed too but what it sounds like you're responding to are the layers of the way he regulates affect and respond interpersonally that can be manipulative, can be moving to extremes without being able to look at things in a more mature way, this is stuff in his personality that is in addition to being very depressed.
30571	Really, it does come down to not having enough time for that and still have some dinner and I've only gotten tiny little minor things done. I haven't really gotten to anything major yet.
30588	He was all like, "They understand I'm depressed and that's why you're around a lot." I was like, "Yeah, but you had that conversation back in January. That was a long time ago." He thought it was fine. I wonder how that impacted your mood this past week. A lot, but I don't think it would be the reason that I'm depressed. After that all happened he did stay at my place for a few days. That could have been why I was depressed on Sunday and Monday, but that's not why I'm depressed now.
30590	When I say that I'm not suggesting that that might be the exact scenario. But there is no...it would involve one of us finding another place probably unless I lived with my sister and there is no...I don't think anyone is hearing me, like I need him to get his schedule because I need to be able to pay our rent. We don't have money for another... I don't think you're hearing me that you're asking for something that can't happen in reality then. Okay. Do you know what I mean?
30646	I think you carry around tremendous shame about your own family, your own experiences. The problem is that you just both deal with it in opposite ways. He puts his head in the sand and you kind of do a very opposite obsessional, organizing, cleaning, organizing, cleaning, organizing, cleaning so you take it almost as a critical attack and he takes it with the withdrawal. The problem is that right now as long as you're in that place he's going to stay in this place, you know?
30662	Well I did have one of those moments Friday when they came and they said, "How are you doing?" When I locked the door, that was the one time I just completely broke down. Good. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was good. Or I think there was another time when I was petting Cecelia or something. Both times it's feeling a kind of being cared for. Yeah. Throughout this whole thing I did have moments like
30672	Yes, it does, and that is a healthy action to take. How about your irritability and memory issues mentioned earlier, can you tell me more specifically about these symptoms? I feel that I have less patience with my daughters and I also feel that I space out more - having a hard time concentrating and sticking with tasks. I find myself wanting to go drive with the girls. You know, just get in the car and drive.
30684	that don't like really know me, not that she doesn't know me well, but where we have a professional relationship, maybe I come off the same way as my dad does, I don't know, because I always thought of my dad as the laid back one, compared to my mom. I don't know. People confuse not expressing one's distress as laid back. Mm-hmm.
30714	Yeah, though that's one I'd like I could take as needed. It wouldn't be like take it every night. Well, you can certainly ask your psychiatrist about it and see what her thoughts are. Okay. She would know best how it fits into the overall plan. Let's take a few minutes to practice that deep breathing and muscle relaxation again and see if we can't get that working for you. And then regular appointment on Monday?
30719	So that's a little hard to hear. It's sort of like I was... I guess I was in the process of dealing with that issue? And then things got dramatically worse on the depression, suicidality front. And so it's hard to look back on any period of my marriage and say, that was a really good time for longer than a few weeks. Then in the actual vows portion there's the in sickness and in health part. That's kind of a... It sounds like a trap to me now. Hmm.
30720	This time of year you tend to get enough anyway. I haven't actually gotten around to looking into if there's some sort of sunlamp-type thing that I could expose myself to while driving that wouldn't hurt my driving ability. It might not really be necessarily because, when you're driving is it early enough that the sun's not out? No, but it's just like I feel miserable sometimes when I'm driving and maybe that would make me feel less miserable.
30728	I want it to all go away. The thing is things can go really well at home if I bring up no issues, if I instigate no arguments, no discussions about anything that's problematic. If I just cook dinner and we watch a movie and make a point of talking about things that...you know? He's not going to bring it up and then things are okay at home. But they're not okay so I don't know how to...I've honestly felt like saying last time that I don't want to go
30774	I mean I guess I could take responsibility for cleaning his place, I just don't think it would be a very good idea and I don't think it would necessarily make me happy. He has lots of big, heavy boxes that I can't really move so well. I will clean out the old parts of his place, but I'm not cleaning out his whole room. It sounds like it's not really your responsibility. It isn't, but then again maybe it is if I want the room to be a place where I can put things without losing them,
30781	Hi. Sorry. How are you? Fine, thank you. Excuse me. Bless you. I had my nice yesterday. Let's see, school is over for the semester but I wanted longer. It probably kind of feels like I miss that structure.
30802	You know, you're often the strong one for him so I wonder if now that he's doing better you know, you're often the strong one for him so I wonder if now that he's doing better you don't have to be as strong. He relies on you a lot when he's not feeling well. I guess it could be that, but the panic would have been there all along and I had just been holding it back like, you know, when you get if you're in school and you get sick right after finals because your body is like had been fighting it off like for half a semester and then all of a sudden it's like
30816	Because for some people what's useful is not necessarily believing another thing, but believing that there are other possibilities.
30831	is that you don't know exactly how it's going to work. You start the process and hope however illogically that something's going to come from it. And lots of people do that. It's not a burden necessarily to the person that you first ask. They don't have to do much work and the next person doesn't have to do a lot of work. Everyone does a little something. I know it's uncomfortable for you. When you think out the... It seems like I'm begging, you know? "Please give me a job or talk to someone..."
30848	It's sort of like in thinking about this problem of what do I want to do next, what is the next step in my career? Really, I have a hard time figuring out what I want. But I do have some desires still, like there is this sense in which I really don't want to live in a city larger than this. I'd rather live in a city smaller than this, but I can be sort of very clear that I don't want that. But it's taking me a little bit of time to like recognize that desire or anti-desire.
30893	you know, find enjoyment out of life and without letting my feelings get in the way. When you start feeling the intensity, what is that like?
30895	On your next inhale you're going to squeeze your knees together as tightly as you can noticing the tension in your inner thighs. When you're ready to exhale let your legs relax. Your knees may come apart. Inhale, squeeze those knees together, exhale and release letting your legs fall apart. On the next breath in you're going to straighten your legs lifting your feet up
30904	he went from crying all the way through church, afterwards telling me how we're getting a divorce, then at lunch like nothing ever happened, happy and then later in the evening like crying a little bit again and then up again and down. It is so sharp and it's so and he's also doing...and again I can't even tell him this is going on or that I'm struggling with this because he's totally unaware. He's in his own...he's also doing a little bit of, it feels pretty manipulative and my sister said
30934	So what is it that you think you can do during those months when you're technically still at your place to alleviate some of the worries that you have about having enough time or being able to accomplish tasks? I don't really know, other than take one day a week, like Sundays, to start packing if I'm not sick. Is that what you're worried about packing? Because what you mentioned before is sort of having enough time in the evening or getting to work on time.
30935	so like it’s the sense in which I know that she could do some of the tasks of it. I guess several particular anxieties that I have. I think I’ll just list them or try to.
30958	Anyway. I don’t know. I was just like, “Well, we need to make a plan, here. We’ll get you,” I don’t know, “health insurance. We’ll get you whatever. We’ll figure something out. And then, try to get you some help in terms of,” I don’t know. Because I think he—it’s not like he hadn’t tried several times to see people, but just—I don’t know.
30971	he knows it's absurd and I feel it's very clear that...he denies, he's like "I'm not manipulating you, I'm not trying to get any kind of sympathy." But he'll throw a pity party like that, like I don't need health insurance, I can walk, like really extreme... Then of course I respond very warmly, lovingly, sympathetically and he wants that and its really frustrating because again I feel really alone in taking care of all this and it is a lot, all day every day and night, still breaking out in hives and the whole thing.
30986	I learned my dreams were not normal dreams when I was growing up and my friends would look petrified as I told them about the killing, chasing and fear. I wake up in a sweat, out of breath and my heart racing. I then must get up and sit for a bit, so I don’t go back into the same dream. Five hours of sleep is your average you say? Do you nap during the day? No. Naps can bring on very bad dreams. Some of the worst. I avoid napping.
30992	,yes, this is the thing she's failed to do several times. She doesn't remember all the other times she's failed to do it at least not in the last several months. So, like me being upset about this, as a part of a trend is not a useful or perhaps, not even a fair thing. It's certainly not a thing that I think is worth bringing to the discussion to have in an emotional sense. Maybe in a factual sense it is important to know that this is a recurring problem and maybe we need a different solution than
30995	That’s, that’s really good, that’s, that’s a phone, it does the internet... Right....and everything... ..so I’ll be able to find out more stuff. You know, that way, when I’m out and about, and... So there’s numbers you see, I’ll use those numbers there...Right. - ...you know they’ll need adding up... Ok. - ...and taking away from something else. And when you’ve done all this with all the numbers...
31006	Yesterday was interesting because, you know, I felt crappy all day, you know, and it wasn't so much bummed about the game. I mean, I'm sure that affected my mood some but just, you know, felt lonely, nothing to do. Just, you know, I don't know.
31016	we’re a college acapella group. You know like at a certain point, like, you know, if I was like, you know 35 and people are looking very teen like, it would look weird to have this older person in this group that’s presumably college students, or college students and grad students. Are they sort of upset by your age? No. So I guess it’s not an issue now. We actually did have someone else who was older, though he left after a year because he was involved in like a stuff.
31081	full of energy, just going, going. Damn, I was extra bummed out because she was with us long enough that she witnessed I think a few days before she left, Josh, I don't know what he did took too many drugs, didn't eat enough, whatever, he got really nauseous and nearly puking in the bathroom for a few hours and you know, she saw that, she saw stuff to know enough to see before
31087	Considering I don't really go over to my place that often, I have enough clothes to live off of at Sydney's place, that would mean that anything that's in my room could be packed right now because if I needed it that badly, it wouldn't be in my room. So maybe thinking about sections of your room and doing a chore and getting a section done by this time, by the next time and setting that time frame of those eight or nine weeks however many weeks it is before . . .
31108	The thing he ended on was he said, "Anxiety tends to cripple us and keep us in our harness and keep us from relating to people and keep us from looking outside ourselves, but it can also be this thing that spurs us to connect with other people and to write and to figure things out." I kind of had to look back through the rest of the article because I was like, "I don't see the second part at all." I see. I
31132	We ended up doing laundry today. Maybe I should go out shopping because right now there are four shirts that I use for work, which makes me usually have to do laundry once a week; so if I had more shirts for work then I could do laundry every other week, which would be a lot better than doing laundry every week. The same thing would happen, it would just at least happen okay, I can do laundry that day and then that's what I ended up doing last week, taking stuff in my laundry bag because his laundry hamper things are really, really heavy.
31133	There are, this is a sort of true throughout our sessions, there are sort of times in the session where it seems like, you are more kind of attentive to your own thought process, and there are times where it seems like you’re kind of acutely aware of sitting in front of you and... dealing with that like, at this moment. Yeah. yes.
31179	Well, I think it's inevitable because he has arthritis all over. So, he had one knee replaced and the other one needs to be replaced, but he won't do it because it was such a bad experience the first time. So, that's just going to get worse. It's not going to get better. His shoulder is really bad. Even though he's in physical therapy, it seems to not be getting better. Yeah. I mean and the pain. I just think it sucks.
31247	Denver's a pretty big city. There are that many cities in the country bigger than this. That's true. In general, if you count the metro-Denver area. Sure. So that's actually not that hard. I'm sure there are a more concentration of jobs in those larger cities. There is that problem. Yeah. But still, there are not that many cities that are larger.
31325	Yeah, actually he is. It's hard to think about how we'd actually do it in our crazy house and what would actually need to happen. Have you ever looked into going to a meditation center?  Yeah. There is one in the Square. It would be at night. For him to go out at night it would be and It doesn't have to be. We have something to do that exercise that was something relaxing that was not watching TV and eating chocolate which is what we end up doing. Yeah, wallowing. It would be nice to have a new thing to do together, sort of an adventure to embark upon
31353	With a mother who’s so passive and helpless, Right. Well the kids’ father isn’t any better, and neither of them disciplines her. And in part, because they both came from abusive authoritarian households, and so they’re both terrified that they They’re reacting, yeah. If they ever like say no, or exert any discipline, or try to take control of her behavior in any way, that they’ll tip over the line
31367	That way I don't have to keep food for work in two places. We're over at my place a fair bit. Also Susan after she had said that, she's on vacation until the 14th, so she's not even around right now. So you said you were really angry at Sydney about that? Because he kept on telling me, "It's okay. It's okay." Susan sent the angry e-mail to Sydney, but I feel like she was also mad at me and I wanted to not have that happen in the first place.
31394	Reset the expectation is sort of my response to it. You know, all of Tanya's extended family wanted to know what a biomechanical engineer does. There was a... I'm not exactly sure how to frame it. It's a reasonable question except for the panic in all of their eyes as they're asking the question, because of... I'm-not-going-to-understand-what-you're-going-to-say panic. So I can't give a good response in that face. But these are minor things that just come with the territory. They're okay. We kind of get through them and move on. It was...
31398	volunteer work. Just delved in to it. It just changed her life, I think. She, when she became president of the county and she was doing speech's all the time and she was, you know, I think that she just kind of got lost herself in that and became a different person. I think if she didn't have that, she hadn't had that,
31402	Um... I feel like you’re talking a lot more and I also feel like you’re... it’s as if you’re pushing in some specific direction. You’re continuing to bring us back to some like, set, fixed. I don’t know if my, I don’t know how the... I don’t know how it’s working on your end, and I feel like I’ve now disturbed it by talking about it, but...
31412	So, you know, you have a right to express your anger. He also has a right to have your feelings expressed to him in a way that feels respectful and I don't know if that's what he's saying, that it feels... Does the tone of your voice feel disrespectful to him? I don't know. That's not a word that you used. Yeah. It's not a word that he really used either. It was just more he said, you know, that I keep on hurting him. So it's hurtful I guess which is even worse that disrespectful but...
31414	and then I just have the same things to say over and over and over again. That's all I've got. It's like this huge, giant thing for me that's blocking out everything else. Well, actually, my suspicion is that you're sort of in the middle ground there. When I first heard you say it, it was like I bet that's more than you might have shared sometime in the past, to say that you're having a bad day and give a more or less overview.
31462	Well, I want the whole ABCDE. I want "the whole enchilada," as they say. I don't know who came up with that expression. But... So, yes, I would like you to do a good number of ABCDEs, all the way... the full process OK.
31471	anymore couples therapy because it so...it feels almost... You feel like you're getting blamed? Yes. Yes, I feel like I'm getting blamed by his parents, I feel like I'm getting blamed by her, I feel like if I could just deal with the anger and the resentment and if I didn't speak up last time and say this is too much, I need help that she wouldn't have suggested us to separate probably. So it's like the marriage can work if I just put it all in a drawer and I don't...
31537	And she still barely shows any concern about it and it's just a mess. So anyway I couldn't handle it all this week. That's an awful lot to try to handle in one week. You had a lot thrown at you. Yeah, they also, they gave him extra drugs to lower his heart rate even more and if it goes low enough there's like a built-in pacemaker that your heart will kick in and he kind of has it naturally because his heart rate is so low they call it the conjunctional rhythm.
31538	also clearly, you know, what’s going on here is on a much smaller scale, because she’s an adult. You know, she not your kid. Right. But, it seems to me that both, like
31542	free than you did maybe two months ago, but clearly not fully free because you don't feel you can express yourself when you feel angry because you're very worried about the implications in a very dire way. And I'm not always as worried about the implications in a dire way as I was this time not that she was doing particularly poorly, but like this is back into it. If my guess is about the thyroid issues is correct then she is in a more unstable place in this specific moment and so
31554	but often is feelings, or usually feelings and you know, maybe cognitive information that’s just overwhelming the system. So I have, I have a sense of how one eventually makes sense of facts. But
31588	Go out to a restaurant or maybe if someone else really tells me. I don’t know. It’s not like any of my friends suggested getting together. Would you like to invite somebody to a restaurant?
31600	Yeah, I think you're right that those are interesting departure points for conversations. They are conversations that we haven't been able to have the way we would have two or three years ago in more recent days.
31626	that gets in your way is that you're afraid to give it a try and so you kind of and feel helpless. And then when you get there and you haven't thought about it at all and you're kind of freaking out a little bit, you know, then it does make things more difficult pull it off. What do you think? I don't know. I mean, there's just, you know. What? What? Yeah. What?
31639	that will make me feel okay eating a steak for dinner, or how many miles do I have to run before I'll let myself have some chips and guacamole if we're having tacos, or something like that. I'll still let myself eat things, like I'll still go out for a burger and I'll still eat fries sometimes, but I make sure that I feel that I deserve it. So there's still it's helpful. We're going to need to stop. It's helpful to know that there's still that preoccupation with it.
31652	I mean, part of it was also, yeah. I mean I mentioned before that like, guys yelling always makes me nervous, so a convention hall of guys yelling is perhaps not ideal. So it was sort of this mix of feeling like is this the medication, am I just irritated, and...
31680	Some days I think that and then other days, it’s just like terror. Yesterday was sort of the latter and today is sort of the former and I don’t know. Obviously, you come into that, but it’s not clear to me how. One thing that occurs to me is you are feeling relatively well, good I guess – like yesterday, the other day and today and it’s like you don’t need me in the same way if you’re feeling good. Yeah.
31697	No, I was just going to agree with you. That is interesting. After we talked about jobs and what to do, what I should be doing for the next month, she said, "Let's not wait another week and a half before we have this conversation because you just stew for days and then we talk about it. Let's just talk about it before you start stewing." That's an idea. I'm worried about trying your patience,
31702	I think that's why so often you'll move to wanting to judge yourself like, "This is bad that this is happening to me." And then you say, "But the good thing is that I'm doing this." It's like things have to be judged as good or as bad;
31738	I have no idea. I observed it both... co-occurred. I think... you know, as an explanation, so I read recently that old people are not any dumber than they were when they were young, like, you know, at 70. They just have a lot more information to process and so it takes them longer to find particular facts. Hmm, interesting.
31867	What we have on top of our kidneys is two little glands, and they’re called our adrenal glands, -Right, and they produce a hormone called adrenaline, have you heard of that? Yes, I have heard of that. Ok. And what adrenaline does is it prepares us for situations of fight or flight, is that a term you perhaps remember from biology at school? I do, I do, yeah, I do remember that. Do you remember what we mean by fight or flight? I think like if you’re in a scary situation you either fight or run away basically.
31876	I would say that you’ve given an example of one way you process feelings. You probably process feelings a lot of different ways. That’s not the only way you process it, but that was an elegant example of one way of processing them. So, when you say “other people,” probably the ways other people process it, you process them too.
31902	No. What do you ask yourself first? I don't know.
31905	So also just afraid of the time commitment and stuff. But if I’m going to be unemployed again, it’s not going to be that bad. And if I can get a reasonable job, that like is around here, you know, I could, you know… Will it be time that, you know, enjoy? Yeah. Actually in that, now that more hours any more.
31965	I guess I feel like I need to step up more so that she doesn't feel like she has to sometimes. Mm hm. And thinking, "Oh, I should have just come by myself. I feel so bad that I " Hm. Or, "I should just come back another time. I'm taking too much time." I was just thinking, "I hate myself." Like, "This is unacceptable, how can I be doing this to her?"
31981	Even waking up at 11 and was up for several hours, I just blew it off. And I'm not really even anxious or stressed out about it. Really what was interesting is that Sunday morning was one of these days I get anxious about. I had to take Ian to snowboarding. Right, you're taking him snowboarding and you're meeting Jess and then going to the game. Right.
31985	was just not with it at all. And I didn't even I remember nothing about this panel. I was in the bathroom trying to puke the entire time, and I just kept looking at myself in the mirror saying, you are going to be fine, you are going to be fine. And I was just like not with it, and then I just came down so hard from it and I had a horrible rest of the night.
31992	With the game being at 6:30 on Sunday, I won't have to worry about getting him out of there right away. You'll have plenty of time. I might try and see if I can get him some extra runs. He's never done the tow rope. They've got a little bunny hill. Like the teaching hills have magic carpets, which he did fine with. All the other kids are hopping right on it and he's like inching forward, you know.
32034	I mean, it would be nice if you if you were able to make a phone call, but if you were in the middle of transportation and couldn't get to doing it, I'm sure that Debbie, if I'm talking to you... Yes, you are, in reversed roles. ...It would be under that you would be understand would be very understanding. It is just not good enough, is it? Um...
32068	a test case that will differentiate between possible outcomes. That’s not really I see no way to do that here when the large uncertainty is what’s going to happen in the future that really becomes not a useful way of handling the problem. One is to reduce the uncertainty as much as possible and then leave the uncertainty uncertain,
32086	I was in the library all the time. It helped that the girl I had a crush on was also in the library all the time. She would sit in the library and not do her work, so I'd go to the library with her but I would get shit done. Mm-hmm. And I don't really know what changed, but
32106	You'd feel less overwhelmed. I don't think any one thing that happens in the environment or an event that happens causes feelings of depression. Obviously, anxiety and depression is something that you've struggled with off and on over the course of many years. There's not going to be one particular thing that causes all those symptoms.
32127	Some are just talks, some are hands-on. And so, you know, like, I’m just completely not involved in it. Wasn’t asked, wasn’t anythinged. Which, like, on the one hand, I don’t like working with him, other hand I find it both insulting and kind of baffling. He really just doesn’t like ... So Paul’s been really stressed about it, but hasn’t asked me for any help. I offered to help, he was just kind of like “Hmm...”
32129	Like every time I swallow a pill, I get that same feeling right away, as the day that I did either too much cocaine or the laced cocaine, and it gives me that rush in my chest. It's like a panic attack. So, maybe that day, I didn't do something laced and I didn't overdose at all. Maybe I had a panic
32140	There might have been…there was possibly a thought about like I should kill myself to end this feeling. And the feeling wouldn’t go away. I mean yesterday there was snow anyways, but like I’m this close to finishing my job and I’m like considering quitting right before the end when like, except that would have me leave on bad terms, but I just don’t know that I could keep it together enough. And if I keep on feeling like this, like that tightness just wasn’t going away.
32164	I wonder is it also frustrating for you because part of the way that it pushes up for you is that I think you feel overwhelmed a lot. And often have suck that up, in a way. And figure out what you’re going to do, anyway. In a way, that feels like you’ve got a bootstrap or you’ve got to figure how you’re going to handle something even when it would be pretty easy just to shut down or look away from it. And . . . she doesn’t . . . seem to do that. She crumble and wilts. Right. I don’t know.
32166	I've applied for basically all of the positions that I would be a good fit for and are ones that I want to apply for. About how many is that? About 20, I think. Yeah. People will have last minute positions open, but those are going to be few and far between. Usually what happens as far as I can tell is the hiring committee meets sometime in late March or early April, figure out who they want to interview, and then call those people.
32205	Hi, come on in. Thank you. Good morning. So last week this time I think I was out of practice... was part of it, just like it'd been a long time. And I think... so you asked if I knew I was frustrated? And I don't know what I said, if I answered that at the time. But I had known that I was frustrated, but not perhaps the extent to which I was not talking about being frustrated and thus had difficulty talking about being frustrated with you.
32207	I don't even say that I'm angry when I'm angry because I should be better than that and it is obscure, it is so like... I don't know, it's getting really, really difficult and I don't... You sound and I think one of the things that might help is identifying what your feeling is right now. The thing that comes out most is anger like even at me today, your affect towards me is anger. You sound though underneath that Ramona, terrified.
32232	it's like my dad I just think about it anyway. You don't need one day to commemorate millions of people, but there is something ironic about it happening in Cheshire. It's weird. Friday could bring up your father. Oh,
32238	Now, I'd like to dispute the fact that I say I should be I should not be feeling this way, and that it is unfair that I've been feeling this way for as long as I have. Are you saying "Unfair" as it shouldn't be?... As it shouldn't be. Yeah. Dispute that. OK, this one is going to be challenging. Congratulations...!
32246	Not at all. Well, his Ah, but you're learning it. Yeah, but there's more costs learning it now than there would have been Yeah, you're very aware of all the costs. in high school. And you know I have to keep my life going unless I go back to my parent's house and live in their basement. No. Yeah, you have a lot of responsibilities than you did then.
32280	it took me the whole day to sort of tell myself like, “You know Tanya, really have to tell somebody at church about this. Like this is their job; tell them to do their job.”
32317	Mm hm. Does he right now, Ramona, every day say, "Oh, how was your day?" That's the thing. I think it's more of his absentmindedness, but every day whenever he gets home from work, I'll ask him about work. Ah. And we don't always have a big discussion about but it's always like, "How was work? How did it go?" Uh huh.
32348	You go a little stir crazy. Yep. You lose all perspective and get depressed. Even with going to school it's still a And he's not going to go back to school for a while. This semester he's going to be mostly working on a thesis so he'll be at home a lot and we really do
32354	And also they feel like, in their head, they’re like, “Well I can tell whether or not something is racialized, and if I don’t think it is, then it’s not”, as opposed to like, “Huh. I should talk to someone else. Maybe my own whiteness is preventing me from seeing something”. Right. And, they won’t necessarily learn better, I guess. Yeah, I mean it’s also possible to do... I’m curious what she’s studying, what she... ... Actually does, yeah.
32365	When he finally rolled out of bed at 8:30, I was like, "That was totally unfair. Don't ever do that again. I know it's not fair to you if I take up more space on the bed and maybe you have to go sleep on the couch, and that's not fair; but I need to be able to sleep and I have so much troublesleeping." He just went off at me and yelled at me about how I wasn't doing anything about my sleep problems and he had told me to try vitamin D because that would fix my sleep problems and why wasn't I better?
32369	The one that I have seen in talking to people who have a bi-polar diagnosis, it is clear that that is a really useful thing for them to know about themselves. Absolutely; particularly a bi-polar one that looks pretty biological in the sense that, for some people, bi-polar is affected a lot by what is going on in their environment. For other people, it just isn’t and for those people it’s really good to know.
32384	it related to was the fact that I think I mentioned in the past in some of the recordings that I just recently had surgery and in addition to having shoulder surgery and trying to recover from some very painful processes, I was having other pain and numbness and tingling shooting down my arm, very concerning things happening, and what ended up happening was
32434	That’s about as far as it went. Like I don’t… it’s sort of like I…sort of like if I accidentally step on your foot when I was walking in here, I might say, “Did that hurt?” and then I would apologize for stepping on your foot. Normally I would probably just apologize because I’m sure it would hurt, but like if I weren’t sure
32475	Yeah. Rightfully so. Particularly with. Some of that was the time constraints and some of that was like having the sense that I’ve asked this question that you don’t want to answer; trying to give you enough other questions that you couldn’t possibly answer all of the questions so we can both pretend that you’re not avoiding any particular one. My instinct is to keep throwing other questions at you. I have many more, so it’s…
32494	How is that related to being challenging or is it separate? No, no, I mean that’s, in my mind, we have maternity leave because one needs maternity leave after childbirth in order to recover, relate to the child, take care of the child’s needs, all of that. So we have some societal accommodation there. So sort of like it’s not a secret that it’s hard, I guess, is the other…is
32519	your tension has refused to leave or may have returned to you. As you exhale think about relaxing that space, letting the tension drain away. Repeating that process noticing stubborn places where tension has refused to leave,
33446	I mean, yeah, I want people to tell me it's going to be okay and I'll feel better, but you know, "How dare they." Hm. Hm. Well, we should stop for now. Okay. Thanks.
40142	Could you dispute that right now?
50004	An Additional report on June 26, 2064, included immunoperoxidase stains for mismatch repair (MSI) proteins.
50017	One significant medical visit took place on August 21, 2062, at Darling Point, part of Gippsland Southern Health Service Leongatha Campus, where she was attended by Dr. Sander.
50027	Susan Duren, a patient whose records are identified under Medical Record Number 7301067.DAE visited the hospital for a follow up consultation. Her lab Number was recorded as 73C10671.
50030	specifically involving The parietal pleura and associated tumor. The medical evaluation was conducted by Dr. W. Obstfeld, and a key date noted in The report is October 19, 2062, The conclusion categorizes The pleural tissue as exhibiting a low grade mucinous neoplasm, consistent with The clinical findings of pseudomyxoma peritonei in The left pleural cavity,
50035	Connie resides on Blue Cow Street in Camden Haven, Northern Territory, postal code 5067. Her medical records are documented under 4402074.WNE with Lab number 44B20748 linked to Her case
50040	The patient resides on Monetary Street in Kyabram, Victoria, postal code 7000. The specimen for this report was collected on November 1, 2012, at 9:11 a.m. at The West Department of Nambour General Hospital, under The care of Dr. Donald Jeremiah Burg, with contributions from a doctor identified as VX and Dr. C. Hobbie.
50048	and Dr. K Grassle. The laboratory reference for this case is 42Z36336. All findings and specimens were appropriately cataloged for further analysis and distribution.
50049	This medical report pertains to Steve Mailloux, identified by medical record 0554355.JCH and ID number 05O43553. The report was last edited on September 27, 2062. The case involved a diagnosis of
50060	The final diagnosis confirmed a poorly differentiated carcinoma of Müllerian type, with The left tube and ovary suspected as The primary site. No abnormalities were identified in The uterus, right ovary or right fallopian tube Metastatic carcinoma was present in The sigmoid nodule, sigmoid colon nodule, rectal nodule, and omentum.
50063	Northern Territory, with postal code 3137. The specimen for this report was collected on August 30, 2012, at 09:19 at 4 Jabiru Place, East Wimmera Health Service Wycheproof.
50067	The medical record 306911.QFF belongs to The patient, Toi Yuriko Hoop with ID number 30R911612I and lab number 30R91161.
50070	reflecting a proactive effort in managing Mike’s health.
50072	Mason resides on Walburgh Street in Devonport, Victoria, 8003. He was born on July 22, 1980, and His
50084	His treatment continued under multiple medical professionals, including Dr. Yale on September 13, 2062, Dr. Hauser on September 12, 2062, Dr. Manion, and Dr. Nance at a later stage. Jeremy’s case reflects the importance of long term medical oversight and specialized Acute Care management.
50117	Microscopic examination, reported by Dr. a Dunkentell and Dr. a Royce Cowie on September 3, 2062, revealed a moderately to poorly differentiated basaloid squamous cell carcinoma in The left lung tumor. The tumor. measured 35mm. The final diagnosis, reviewed by Drs. Jamie and Kantarian, is a 35mm. basaloid squamous cell carcinoma of The left lung
50119	2062, Dr. Goldstein attended to Jolin’s medical needs. These records highlight the importance of consistent medical attention and professional oversight to ensure Jolin receives the best possible care
50122	Virgina underwent a medical procedure or evaluation. Additionally, Her records indicate another notable date: July 1, 2062, Throughout Her medical journey, she has been under the care of Dr. Vassell and Dr. Whiteside, ensuring Her continued treatment and monitoring. Her medical file remains an important reference for tracking Her health and ensuring the best care possible.
50123	The patient presented to The Tissue Pathology and Diagnostic Oncology Department at West Coast District Hospital. The specimen, collected on July 25, 2012, at 13:05, was initially handled by Dr. Dhirri Harris Birkes and later reviewed by Dr. NJ on September 28, 2062, with microscopic findings reported by Dr. V. Daughtery.
50132	The patient, Elva Recidivi, with ID number 92Q668799U and medical record number 9266687.YXU was admitted to West department at Morawa Hospital on April 10, 2014, at 12:30.
50137	39C75774 was crucial for documenting and tracking her treatments accurately. this ongoing care reflects a steady effort to provide Dora with the necessary treatments and evaluations by the healthcare professionals involved in her case
50144	Zahara Hamberger, born on October 15, 1996, resides at Stratford House, Nambucca Heads, Western Australia,
50149	44D59224 has been receiving care at Injune Hospital. She resides on Cabban Street, Kiama, South Australia, with the postal code 5134. Her medical journey includes multiple visits to various specialists, specifically within the Dickinson 3 South Department. Her healthcare has been managed by several doctors,
50153	502570T on June 18, 2064, a tissue specimen was collected at the Anatomical Department of Fitzroy Crossing Hospital under the care of Dr. Bernardo Reggie Vanish. the case was later reviewed by Dr. YQ, with further analysis on June 19,
50171	Her case is documented under medical record number 1778502.SDZ and episode ID 17T850261Z. on September 17, 2063, Oliva underwent medical evaluation, with lab tests recorded under lab No. 17T85026 17T85026.
50201	September 11, 2063, ensuring accurate tracking of His health status. Through careful monitoring and medical expertise, George continues to receive the necessary care ensuring His condition is properly managed.
50207	the Lab report for Tomas’s case linked to Lab No. 06X93654 played a crucial role in His diagnosis and treatment, so did the tests conducted on August 21, 2063. and September 6, 2063.
50211	is highlighted again in association with these findings. in conclusion, the diagnosis confirmed metastatic serous carcinoma, in the left and right inguinal lymph nodes, moderately differentiated serous carcinoma, in the uterus and adnexal structures, and metastatic deposits. in the omentum
50216	The medical record 1706458.VTX associated with Episode No. 17C645887X details The clinical case of Rodolfo Ruman, identified by Lab No. 17C64588 and residing on Hewins Street, Mount Eliza,
50257	where He received medical attention from Dr. Curry and Dr. Arthur. His case continued to be monitored, with later evaluations by Dr. Richardson on September 11, 2062,
50261	At the time of His Hospital visit, he was 69 years old. His case, was initially overseen by Dr. Davidson, with follow up assessments conducted on September 12, 2063. by Dr. Tatum and Dr. Hayward. Additional reviews were carried out by Dr. Loftin and Dr. Brooks
50265	the report was reviewed on September 26, 2062, by Dr. Q. Fuertes, with additional contributions from Dr. IP. the final diagnosis included negative results for both hilar and subcarinal lymph nodes, a single metastatic leiomyosarcoma deposit in the right lower
50280	Throughout His treatment, Taylor has been attended by multiple physicians, including Dr. Leonard, who played a crucial role in His care Another significant date in His medical journey is March 17, 2063, when he underwent further medical evaluation. Additional oversight has been provided by Dr. Austin and Dr. River, ensuring continuous and comprehensive healthcare management.
50284	and postal code 2388. Her medical records are cataloged under 7533626.BKF and Her lab work is documented under lab Number 75J36260 75J36260 on February 26, 2063,
50303	Today, we discuss the medical records of Garry Wagner, a patient with Episode Number 55W935357X and medical Record Number 558935.KOT. His Lab Number is 55W93535.
50311	The medical record for Carter Leboeuf, identified by ID number 81S903812V and medical record number 817903.VDH outlines The pathology findings for a right breast mastectomy conducted on October 10, 2062, at The 2 23 hour stay surgical unit of Corrigin Hospital.
50315	the primary doctor overseeing Gordan’s care is Dr. Charles, with support from other doctors such as Dr. Kuzma, Dr. Terry, and Dr. Arris. A significant date in Gordan’s medical history is June 9, 2064, marking an important update to His treatment
50316	Additionally, a notable record in Oliva’s medical history, was documented at 3:30 AM on July 15, 2013, marking an important timestamp in Her treatment timeline. with continuous monitoring and expert medical attention, Oliva’s case remains under careful observation to ensure she receives the best possible care
50318	2064, by Dr. P. Westendorf. Clinically, the patient presented with pelvic masses and diseased omentum, with a CA 125 level of 2000 and bilateral ovarian masses Macroscopic examination revealed multiple specimens. the right ovary,
50349	additional oversight. was provided by Dr. Schroder and Dr. Mudiay, ensuring She received well rounded care. with multiple doctors and institutions involved, Cathy’s medical history reflects the importance of detailed tracking and specialized medical attention for long term patient well being
50361	Her ongoing care includes follow up visits with various doctors, Anny’s record reflects a comprehensive timeline of medical care with the key appointment on January 15, 2063, as well as continued consultations to monitor Her health.
50369	tumor is confirmed as a high grade myxofibrosarcoma (myxoid malignant fibrous histiocytoma). It closely resembles The previously reported core and excisional biopsy specimens under The same lab number 50J65173 and 50J65173
50381	Mark resides on Rocky Spring, Bowen, Western Australia, ZIP code 7022. He was born on January 16, 1991. on June 28, 2012,
50389	fallopian tubes are unremarkable. The endometrial polyp shows focal complex hyperplasia with crowded glands and tubal metaplasia, but no atypia or
50392	2063. and November 8, 2062, mark essential milestones in Her ongoing care reflecting a long term commitment to Her Health at 78 years old, Tereasa’s medical history shows a lifetime of careful monitoring and expert medical attention. Her records extend into the future, with a reference to a date as recent as July 30, 2065, ensuring that Her healthcare needs continue to be met.
50395	at 08:19 AM. and subsequent pathology reports have continued to monitor Her condition. the Report of pathology issued for Her case is 195034545.
50404	Residing on Tandera Street in Bonny Hills, ACT, with a postal code of 1169, Tomas underwent a medical assessment in the 3HR Stay Surgical Unit. His case was overseen by Dr. Durk on the day of admission.
50412	Today, we will discuss the medical records of Stacy House, whose case is filed under Episode Number 88D941303V and medical Record Number 8819413.CIV. Stacy’s Lab Number is 88D94130 She resides
50423	The report references a previous cone biopsy. report also numbered 61B09485.
50427	Tomas Booker, a patient under medical record 0699365.LVJ was involved in a medical episode identified as 06X936548J.
50435	His case was overseen by Dr. Stephenson, who ensured thorough medical attention. a significant follow up date recorded in His medical history is August 20, 2062, indicating further assessments and care. During this time, he was under the supervision of Dr. Washington and Dr. Clanton, both contributing to His ongoing treatment and well being
50453	Medical care was administered at Eidsvold Multipurpose Health Service, specifically in the Parkes 9 East Department, on April 7, 2014, at 05:40 PM. During Her treatment, Sara was attended to by a team of specialists, including Dr. Relly, Dr. Theis, Dr. Stockton, and Dr. Barrio.
50454	and lab number 17H87865 17H87865 Her address is listed as Rossi Street, Port Adelaide Enfield, TAS, ZIP code 4486. The patient was born on April 8, 1984. The
50455	on August 22, 2062, Jolin was seen at the Anatomical Pathology Department of Omeo District Health, under the care of Dr. Thompson. Additional consultations were carried out by Dr. Stemler and Dr. Wiseman.
50470	Her case was overseen by Dr. Morris, with additional medical input from Dr. Thornburg, Dr. Edwards, Dr. Bowen, and Dr. Howard. Another key medical assessment was conducted on September 19, 2063, a crucial tumor test and blood test were both scheduled for March 11, 2064, providing essential diagnostic insights.
50503	not Nascimento, did not carry A clinically significant EGFR mutation The Roche cobas 4800 EGFR mutation test, kit (ARTG ID 535778) was used. It was noted
50517	The medical report pertains to Gail Jamie Dickow, with The medical record number 2795187.SJQ Lab No: 27Y518
50524	on May 24, 2012, at exactly 02:58 PM, he was seen for an important consultation.
50543	Episode No., identified as 75J362603F pertains to Florrie Minion, a patient under medical care at Kangaroo Island Health Service, within the department of Peter Mac. Florrie born on June 24, 2015, resides in Orbost, VIC, with a mailing address at P.O. Box 15
50559	Furthermore, Her case has associations with Sealed Air Corporation, suggesting possible workplace medical considerations or organizational involvement in Her Health management.
50570	with metastatic colorectal deposits identified in liver segments ii iii and vii viii Additional information includes a diaphragmatic adhesion to The tumor in segment vii viii Reporting times include 9:03 AM on August 9, 2012, and October 11, 2062,
50576	2012, at 08:21 in the Radiation Oncology Department of Royal Darwin Hospital under the care of Dr. Margaret Azzie Wendroth, Dr. R. Potolsky, Dr. R. Mellors, and Dr. R. Shivel. Additional specimens included the right inguinal lymph node, replaced entirely by metastatic serous carcinoma,
50578	Leon Porter, a patient listed under medical record 4809154.WAA was involved in a medical episode identified as 48B915480A. Born on June 20, 1989, he was 65 years old at the time of his documented medical visit.
50584	frozen section analysis. identified glioblastoma multiforme, and results were reported to Dr. Siurek by Dr. I Hoogheem at 15:50, on April 10, 2014, the final diagnosis for both specimens was glioblastoma WHO grade 4, in the left temporoparietal region.
50592	documents a segment five liver resection and cholecystectomy performed at St. George Private under The Hunter New England Mental Health Service. The patient resides at Prairie Hill, Devonport, Northern Territory, ZIP code 2879,
50610	crucial date in Ashley’s case is December 23, 2062, a significant point of reference for further updates on Her condition. This date is mentioned in Medical records from pathology West and continues to be a key timeline for assessing Her ongoing Care
50618	Her lab number is 92Q66879 and she resides in Cantello, Nambucca Heads, NT, 5222. she was born on November 22, 2002. Her case was managed by Dr. Grover Forrest Friends, Dr. Marlon, Dr. FC, and Dr. X Horey, with a report dated June 18, 2064.
50624	a 4mm gastric nodule showed features consistent with a small gastrointestinal stromal tumor, although an initial differential diagnosis considered leiomyoma. Immunohistochemical staining confirmed the tumor, as a gastrointestinal stromal tumor, with positive c d
50628	Carol was admitted to the St George Private Department at Bellingen River District Hospital, where She was treated under the supervision of Dr. Booker. Additional care was provided by Dr. Houston on September 14, 2062, and Dr. White during the course of Her treatment.
50631	on August 28, 2063, Leon was admitted to Roma Hospital for medical evaluation. his case was associated with Lab No. 48B91548 48B91548 he resides on Legend Manor Street in Northam, Tasmania, with a postal code of 2207.
50632	Beyond Milton Ulladulla Hospital. Alan’s medical file is also linked to Gulargambone multi purpose Service, expanding the scope of His medical care Other physicians involved in His treatment. include Dr. Collins, who attended to him on July 25, 2062, Dr. Saric, who provided medical oversight on July 23,
50639	His medical records are documented under 176664.MDB with Lab Number 17S66441 associated with His case. a significant timestamp in Alan’s history is May 21, 2012, at precisely 09:21 AM, marking an early recorded entry in His medical timeline.
50658	categorized as Pack Year: 15 years. Decades later, on August 29, 2062, Eric was under the care of Dr. Milton, followed by another medical consultation on August 30, 2062, with Dr. Erving.
50662	Additional dates include October 5, 2062, associated with Associate Professor A Saeler, who contributed to The case, and documentation notes A doctor identified as "IJ." The patient’s clinical diagnosis involves lung cancer.
50665	report is prepared by Dr. Ira Irwin Piggie and Dr. Z. Sterkenburg, with a supplementary report provided by Dr. Z. Gugliotti. Additionally, there is a note regarding a doctor identified as "UH," with a date of October 2, 2062 for supplementary reporting.
50673	Jeremy resides on Boat Street in Tenterfield, SA, ZIP Code 4493. He was born on February 11, 1988. on July 9, 2012, at 3:42 PM, He was admitted to the Acute Care Ward at Port Pirie Hospital, where He was under the Care of Dr. Bryant.
50676	The macroscopic examination, performed by Dr. KU and Dr. LH on May 21, 2064. described a uterus with attached cervix and bilateral fallopian tubes. Microscopic examination, reported by Dr. P Chandley, showed extensive scarring in The examined ectocervix and endocervix, with no evidence of residual CIN, AIS,
50680	the case results were reported at 15:50, April 10, 2014, Additional examinations were conducted on June 13, 2064, by Dr. D. Bacchi and Dr. Castiglione at Maryborough District Health Service (Dunolly). the case also involved Dr. OD and Dr. XL. Clinically, the patient presented with headaches, nausea, and alexia,
50686	Additionally, She had appointments on January 15, 2063, with Dr. Manis. and on April 8, 2013, at 3:36 pm with Dr. Iverson, and Dr. Kook,
50706	The patient, Clair’Vannessa Creenan, with medical record number 6112896.BOO and ID number 61D289605O resides in Hamstrom, Stirling, New South Wales, 2500. Her date of birth is February 8, 2003. The medical report, associated with lab number 61D28960
50707	recurrent colorectal cancer with a subsequent liver resection. Representative tissue sections and a sample for tissue banking were taken for further analysis, with contributions noted from Dr. QA on September 25, 2062. Microscopic examination, conducted by Dr. B. Montane,
50718	the report also references September 21, 2062, which is noted twice in the findings. the case involved multiple doctors, including Dr. CC and Dr. NE. Microscopic analysis, reported by Dr. W. Wegener, identified a poorly differentiated adenosquamous
50728	His date of birth is listed as April 26, 1984. on June 25, 2012, at 9:48 AM, Batty received medical care at SEALS Central, within St Helens District Hospital.
50736	Florrie continues to receive close medical monitoring. Notably, significant evaluations were conducted on April 20, 2064, and March 4, 2064, ensuring continuous assessment of Her Health Her medical team remains dedicated to providing the necessary care and attention to support Her ongoing Health needs.
50759	the fallopian tubes, uterus, appendix, and omentum,
50789	Episode No. 73H429585J Gordan Hayward, born on January 21, 1987, resides at St. Vincents, Armidale, Victoria, with the postal code 3797. His medical record number is 7324295.VNJ
50797	This comprehensive report, including lab number 81S90381 The time of initial findings and subsequent confirmation and analyses, provides critical information for The patient’s ongoing treatment and management.
50816	The report underscores The localized nature of The metastatic spread and The successful excision of The affected lymph node.
50820	The final diagnosis confirmed by cervical biopsy was grade 3 endometrioid adenocarcinoma.
50836	on October 8, 2062, was compiled by Dr. XP on October 4, 2062, with microscopic examination performed by Dr. F Dennard, and representative slides reviewed by Dr. F Chaisty.
50837	and lab number 92R85354 provides a detailed account of his condition. The patient resides on Pugh Street in Caboolture, VIC, with postal code 4821. The specimen was collected on October 2, 2062, at The medic surgery Ward of Tresillian Family Care Centre Belmore.
50838	and he resides on Auld Street, in Cobar, South Australia, with the postal code 2070. the specimen, consisting of tissue, was collected on September 20, 2062, at the location 3/9 Jennie Cox Close under the care of Dr. Woodrow Sydney Derouin.
50841	for Isa’s care is June 13, 2064. when she was seen by Dr. Swift, a specialist involved in her case Just before This on June 12, 2064.
50844	Additionally, Dr. Theis and Dr. Reddish contributed to her medical care. her medical journey reflects a comprehensive and multi specialist approach, ensuring detailed analysis and proper care. over the years.
50849	Microscopic examination, as reported by Dr. F. Phillips, reveals a moderately differentiated squamous cell carcinoma of The vulva, with a depth of 13 millimeters, a width of 35 millimeters, and an approximate length of 44 millimeters,
50875	The patient, Eufemia Trachtenberg, with medical record number 404689.UNS and ID number 40M68985, is a 62 year old who presented to casualty with heavy PV bleeding and a hemoglobin level of 50. a large fungating mass was observed extending from The cervix.
50887	Delta Air Lines and Bulahdelah Community Hospital. were involved in processing The results.
50915	The medical record 9246317.UNN associated with patient Eddy Shan, born on November 26, 1997, with ID number 92M631785N and lab number 92M63178 details a comprehensive account of her condition.
50916	Billie Frichette, born on March 25, 2001, resides in Upper Mount Glen Lake, Penguin, QLD, ZIP code 4155. His medical record number is 3082344.WRN
50918	This case details the medical journey of Mason Hield, whose Episode Number is 76I313441D.
50920	Kenny’s Health remains a priority under the care of the dedicated medical team.
50935	a crucial follow up date in His records is August 14, 2062, marking an important phase in His medical assessment. During this time, Dr. Iverson and Dr. Butler were responsible for His continued medical care
50953	and focal squamous metaplasia. The carcinoma invaded to A depth of 4mm through A total wall thickness of 14mm. No lymphovascular invasion was observed, and The endocervix was not involved The final diagnosis confirmed A grade 3 endometrioid adenocarcinoma of The endometrium with 4mm invasion through A 14mm. wall thickness No lymphovascular invasion was identified
50955	2062, were handled by Doctor MY, with additional reporting, conducted by Dr. E. Vanelderen on November 6, 2062, The supplementary cytogenetic report from Dr. E. Pensis at Maroondah Hospital dated November 6, 2062, revealed an abnormal clone characterized by The loss of The Y chromosome and The presence of a ring chromosome
50972	The diagnosis for The scalp specimen includes a moderately differentiated squamous cell carcinoma with a positive deep margin and Bowen's disease with close margins. The deep margin specimen showed no evidence of malignancy.
50973	the department overseeing His case was Parkes8, with Dr. Wallace leading the medical evaluation. Further assessments and documentation were recorded on multiple dates, including August 29, 2063, and September 3, 2063,
50983	prompting an examination of numerous sections of The distal stomach
50992	adenocarcinoma, favoring serous carcinoma, and results were reported to Dr. Zehra Persia by Dr. P. Zematis at 4:26 pm on April 16, 2014. in conclusion, the patient was diagnosed with high- grade serous carcinoma, affecting both ovaries,
51017	at 2:03 PM, Mark was seen at St Vincent Department of Kerang District Health, under the care of Dr. Pierce. Fast forward to August 1, 2062, Mark had a follow up consultation, this time
51019	The medical record 867599.PQW pertains to The patient Ovidia Dishong, identified by ID number 86U59966. The record was last edited on October 23, 2062, with clinical information indicating a condition of pseudomyxoma peritonei in The left pleural cavity,
51023	Ella’s medical journey extends to multiple healthcare facilities, including the Biggenden Multi-Purpose Health Service. and North West Regional Hospital, both of which have played a vital role in Her ongoing care key dates in Her records, include August 22, 2062, and August 27, 2062, highlighting continued assessments and medical evaluations
51039	His case highlights the importance of continuous medical oversight and timely intervention in Surgical care.
51041	The medical report concerns Nora Melvin Morreale, identified by ID number 48Q219621B Lab No: 48Q21962 and medical record number 4862196.GEB. She resides at N Cumnor in Coonabarabran, Northern Territory, with ZIP code 4505, and was born on September 21, 2002.
51043	His Lab Number is 98Y62854. Eric’s residence is on Shupin Street, Urraween, New South Wales, ZIP code 2559. He was born on September 23, 1974. on June 26, 2012, at 12
51051	This report concerns Young Josue Danilo Nascimento, ID number 53P778463V medical record 535778.LQK and lab number 53P77846 The patient, born on January 18, 1987, resides at Main Line, Moura, Australian Capital Territory, 6910.
51057	Cathy lives on Sewickley Street in Kyabram, WA, 6970. She was born on January 26, 2004, making detailed medical documentation crucial for Her continued care.
51062	No. 78G07832 was part of His medical file, helping to inform ongoing assessments and decisions. This summary reflects Mr. Hunter’s medical journey and The expert team managing His healthcare.
51067	overseen by Dr. Robinson. Additionally, Dr. Mann has played a role in Her treatment, ensuring continued medical evaluation and support. Beyond Her primary care at Hesse Rural Health Service Ariel’s medical history is also linked to Sarina Hospital, highlighting Her ongoing treatment, across multiple facilities.
51081	The attending physician was Dr. Jerome Andres Yarran- Sanjurjo. Additional physicians and institutions involved include Dr. XZ, Dr. a Amphy at Kaleeeya Hospital. and Dr. a Grismore at Queanbeyan District Hospital. who provided findings on September 27, 2062.
51094	was linked to SA Pathology for further analysis. Residing on Sandering Street in Barwon Heads, Western Australia, with postal code 6906, Jasper underwent laboratory testing associated with Lab No. 27O53740 27O53740
51131	Episode No. 94T807668P Chris Hunter, a patient residing at Goswell Street, Banora Point, South Australia, with postal code 6220, has been under medical care for some time.
51154	In today’s medical review, we focus on Carol Porter, recorded under Episode Number 31A412629K and medical Record Number 3104126.HYK. Her Lab Number is 31A41262.
51185	The patient resides on Cernan Street in Goondiwindi, Western Australia, ZIP code
51190	lobectomy with clear margins, and a benign pericardial cyst. These findings were comprehensively evaluated and documented.
51201	follow up HER2 CISH analysis was reported by Dr. S Emler at Gippsland Southern Health Service, Leongatha Campus, on November 10, 2062, Additional findings were documented on October 30, 2062,
51221	MSH6. The conclusion states that preserved nuclear staining of carcinoma for these markers indicates a low likelihood of a microsatellite instability phenotype.
51277	This medical report pertains to Jerome Chuba, a male patient born on June 1, 1990, and identified by ID number 84W834682W with medical record 848834.RVG. His lab number is 84W83468
51278	A key report related to lab Number 08V69142 was issued, providing crucial diagnostic insights. Additionally, Dr. Wesley was involved in His case on July 3, 2062, followed by Dr. Speight at A later stage.
51310	Today, we take a closer look at the medical case of Batty Cook, whose details are recorded under Episode Number 77G028680F and medical Record Number 772028.QWA. His Lab Number is 77G02868. Batty resides on Fort Foote, Goolwa, WA, ZIP code 1138.
51316	clear of bronchial and vascular margins, with no convincing breach of pleura, but with metastatic carcinoma in three of nineteen intrapulmonary/hilar lymph nodes. The macroscopic examination, was performed on September 28, 2062,
51338	Sections of the liver revealed mild macrovesicular steatosis, but no involvement by metastatic tumors was identified in either segment four or segment B.
51354	Today, we review the medical journey of Brendon Sarge (Episode No. 34G5293503 a patient born on March 27, 1998. His medical record is identified by the number 3425293.OAJ
51358	A supplementary report was issued on September 6, 2063, with another critical medical update also documented on the same date. Dr. West was involved in Derrick’s ongoing medical care, ensuring thorough oversight of His condition.
51392	The medical record for Haywood Mccoil, identified by Lab No. 17I16340 and ID number 17I163403A and medical record number 173163.MBI documents a detailed clinical and pathological analysis of multiple specimens collected on October 9, 2062,
51406	During His treatment, Brendon was attended to by several medical professionals. Dr. Morant was the primary doctor, with additional contributions from Dr. Cook and Dr. Hauser. Their expertise, particularly in coordinating Brendon’s care over the years, has been crucial. Brendon’s progress is well documented with a follow up appointment noted for July 27, 2062.
51413	record is officially documented under 6556855.SWK with Lab Number 65O68557 linked to His case. a key moment in Taylor’s medical history took place on January 14, 2013, at exactly 09:03 AM, marking an important timestamp in His records.
51415	The medical report pertains to patient Jesus Farfalla, identified by ID number 06M240780K Lab No: 06M24078 and medical record number 064240.TVA.
51447	Florrie attended a medical consultation at the hospital, with Dr. Stephenson managing Her case. as part of Her ongoing treatment, several key medical events have been recorded. on February 4, 2063, and February 5, 2063, she received medical attention from Dr. Park. Additionally,
51478	Her date of birth is June 10, 1987, and The specimen was collected on April 8, 2014, at 15:50. The case was managed by multiple doctors, including Professor Ngunya Adolfo Treece, Dr. GF, and Dr. S. Lubell, with an additional report dated June 13, 2064.
51480	Episode No. 86F2864278 details the medical journey of Dillon Murray. Dillon born on January 30, 2007, resides on Sea Chase Street in Smithton, South Australia, postal code 7307. His medical records are officially documented under 8622864.HSV
51487	on August 6, 2062, Cathy received medical attention at the Prince of Wales Private Department, with treatment provided at Charleville Hospital. Dr. Henson was in charge of Her case ensuring comprehensive medical oversight.
51488	provides further critical insights into Her ongoing Medical evaluation. Ashley’s Medical journey includes Care from specialists such as Dr. Cook, Dr. Lillard, and Dr. Gunn. Notably, a follow up Report was created on May 23, 2064 by Dr. Cook,
51489	as part of His ongoing care. Notably, Jasper’s medical evaluation revealed a set of loss of nuclear staining recorded twice (R2), which was a significant aspect of His diagnostic findings. His case, highlights the importance of precise pathological assessments in guiding medical decisions and patient care.
51496	George Hill, born on January 17, 2003, is a patient currently receiving medical care at Baralaba Hospital. His case is registered under medical record number 9602593.DIO and episode ID 96C259313O.
51506	Her medical records are documented under 9600635.PFQ and Her laboratory results are associated with Lab Number 96A06355. Throughout Her medical journey, Ariel has been under the care of several healthcare professionals. on June 14, 2062, she had a significant medical consultation,
51511	This case emphasizes the importance of consistent care from a dedicated Medical team ensuring comprehensive treatment, from the initial consultation through to ongoing Medical support.
51514	Born on July 8, 2019, Tomas was admitted to Ipswich Hospital on August 21, 2063. His case was associated with Lab No. 06X93654 06X93654
51515	ZIP code 6987. Her ID number is 04F073896I with medical record number 0420738.YQI and lab number 04F07389.
51543	Leon’s case highlights the importance of continuous medical monitoring and Specialist care, ensuring a thorough approach to his health management.
51562	Episode No. 17N342645X Mandy Nilson, born on February 2, 1972, resides in Capertee, Gold Coast, WA, with the postal code 2842. Her medical record, identified by the number 1753426.LOX
51565	in The context of hepatitis C and cirrhosis. Specimens were collected on October 3, 2062, under The supervision of Dr. Lemuel Ulysses Fansler, with microscopic findings reported by Associate Professor U Direnzo on October 5, 2062,
51571	0 n and medical record number 3895795.BBN with a lab number of 38Y57950.
51604	reviewed with Associate Professor. Sharla Carrithers and Dr. Janyce Meshanko on October 10, 2062, noted that The tumor was located 0.2 millimeters, from The nearest inked renal parenchymal margin.
51617	where Dr. P. Ojano is involved the specimen used in the analysis was from Ameren Corporation and identified by ID number 59K847594.
51620	The diagnosis includes complex endometrial hyperplasia with atypia in The uterus and no significant abnormalities in The cervix.
51628	The medical report, last edited on May 29, 2064, was documented on May 27, 2064, by Dr. L Corral and reviewed by Dr. L Lumadue.
51636	on September 6, 2063. Dr. Bane and Dr. Sabonis, provided additional medical reviews.
51649	Katrina’s lab tests, recorded under lab No. 49Z72063 49Z72063 have been critical to assessing her ongoing health needs. on October 14, 2063 Katrina had a check up at the Hospital. followed by further consultations and tests,
51690	Notably, Dr. X Fei reported initial findings at 15:40 PM on August 8, 2012, and Dr. X Chilo confirmed medial orientation of The mastectomy specimen by phone on November 10, 2062,
51691	The final diagnosis confirmed metastatic malignant melanoma in one of 13 lymph nodes from The left neck dissection, with perinodal infiltration. All other lymph nodes including The left facial and external left jugular nodes were negative for The tumor.
51705	The case involved contributions from Dr. Jimmy Brenton Hulton, WG, and Dr. D Goodner, with further analysis conducted on September 15, 2062.
51706	Microscopic findings, reported by Dr. H Durisseau, revealed that The left renal lesion was a clear cell carcinoma, measuring 12 millimeters, with Fuhrman grade 2 nuclei and a fibrous capsule of variable thickness. an additional report by Dr. H Woodfolk,
51711	Additionally, Her Lab Number 65T90734 appears in reports, signifying its importance in Her diagnostic history Dr. Irving has also contributed expertise to Her treatment. ensuring she receives comprehensive medical care
51732	Today’s case highlights Denny Smith, whose Episode Number is 08V691424J. His medical record Number is 0886914.HLJ and His lab Number is 08V69142
51734	to The anesthetist at 13:12 on July 26, 2012.
51739	Born on September 30, 2005, The patient resides in Fawkham, Howlong, Victoria, with a postal code of 4012. Tissue specimens were collected on September 14, 2062, at SEALS Central, under The care of Dr. Ted Bernie Esposto, and further reviewed on September 15, 2062, by XW
51750	including Dr. Lowry, Dr. Dowdy, Dr. Lin, Dr. Iverson, Dr. Kook, and Dr. Manis. Significant dates in Her medical record include November 6, 2063, when Dr. Lowry, was involved in Her care and November 7, 2063, when She had appointments with Dr. Iverson, and Dr. Kook,
51759	3 details a comprehensive account of her condition. The patient resides on Burntside Street in Beaconsfield Upper, Northern Territory, with postal code 3933. The specimen for this report was collected on August 30, 2012, at 09
51762	Additionally, Katrina’s care will also include Another check up on May 28, 2064, to ensure her condition is being managed effectively and to address any New developments. Katrina’s medical team is committed to providing the best care possible, ensuring that all Hereditary related concerns are addressed thoroughly and efficiently as She continues her treatment plan.
51763	0 has been under the care of several Medical professionals in April 2064. His first appointment took place on April 15, 2064. where
51766	and lab number 71V93082 provides a comprehensive account of her condition. The patient resides on North Columbine Street in Batemans Bay, QLD, postal code 2623. The specimen for this report was collected on October 24, 2062,
51767	The patient resides at Talbryn, Yamba, ZIP code 3158, and was born on October 5, 2029. Lab number 95W78541 central to this case, corresponds to The specimen analysis.
51771	Michael Lynwood Resides, born on October 11, 1991, Resides, in Lovelace Street, Casino, New South Wales, ZIP code 2224. His medical record number is 5135025.TBT with lab number 51I50257 and ID number 51I
51786	and treatment This case emphasizes the importance of continuous and collaborative care in the medical field, with several professionals contributing to a comprehensive understanding of Isa’s condition.
51789	Clinically, The patient presented with a small tumor at The incisura, leading to a gastrectomy. Macroscopic examination of The stomach specimen revealed it was 170 mm long, with a maximum circumference of 110 mm Microscopically, The tumor was not clearly defined macroscopically,
51792	measuring 35mm across, had adjacent soft tissue and a 30mm fallopian tube. Peritoneal nodules ranging from 3mm to 10mm were present, with a 15mm nodule adjacent to the ovary, a frozen section identified high- grade
51793	on December 23, 2063, she was under the supervision of Dr. Lenze. the following day, December 24, 2063, she had a scheduled medical engagement, during which Dr. Dalman played a role in Her treatment Additionally, Dr. Ellington has been involved in Her medical care
51794	She was treated at Mossman Hospital (Douglas Shire Multi Purpose Health Service) in the Hunter Area Department, specifically in the Intensive Care Unit. Her Care was overseen by Dr. Daniels on March 21, 2014,
51817	Today, we review the medical case of Jeremy Reaves, identified by Episode Number 29F784757R and medical Record Number 292784.SPS. His laboratory tests are associated with Lab Number 29F78475 29F78475 Jeremy resides at Richland Valley, Richmond, in the Australian Capital Territory,
51822	A significant date in Roy’s medical record is June 9, 2064, when updates were made to His treatment. A previous report number from His medical history is listed as 78G07832. with ongoing care and consistent medical attention, Roy’s health continues to be closely monitored by His healthcare team.
51826	The medical report pertains to Rueben Miki Pushard, identified by ID number 16J102766C medical record number 163102.SSP and Lab No. 16J10276.
51832	2012, at 09:21 at SydPath Department, Tingha Multipurpose Service. The report is authored by Dr. Raul Errol Paulhus, with contributions from Dr. GE, Dr. FR, and
51842	Specimens were collected on September 28, 2062, from The medic surgery Ward at West Wimmera Health Service in Kaniva. The case involved several doctors, including Dr. Quade Edison Jenness and Dr. LV with an additional date noted as September 29, 2062,
51866	Dr. Brown has been A primary physician overseeing His treatment Additionally, another key date in His medical timeline is January 15, 2063, when further assessments and medical procedures were conducted. Contributing to His ongoing care, Dr. Porter, Dr. Hero, and Dr. Grattan have all played essential roles in ensuring Dillon’s health and Recovery
51867	at 08:52 PM, when She underwent a medical procedure. She was treated in the St. Vincent Department at the Forensic Hospital, under the care of Dr. George. a significant date in Her medical timeline is May 17, 2064, which appears twice in Her records,
51876	The medical report concerns Reina Jagun Spriggs, whose ID number is 17H878652C with a medical record number of 1728786.NGC and lab number s17h
51900	These appointments reflect a thorough and collaborative approach to Sabrina’s care The involvement of multiple doctors ensures that all aspects of her condition are being monitored and managed appropriately. Sabrina’s case highlights The importance of timely medical evaluations
51913	The date of The medical procedure or specimen collection is June 18, 2064. The clinical diagnosis is squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) of The vulva, specifically on The posterior vulva, with a long suture marking The 12 o’clock position and a short suture at 3 o’clock
51918	This report covers the medical case of Isa Smith, with the medical Record Number 2027354.YLP Isa’s Lab Number is 20F73549 and she was seen for treatment in early June 2064. the key date
51931	Laura Crawford, a patient registered under medical record 3076815.ASC was involved in a medical episode identified as 30T681507C. She was born on October 17, 2007, and her case was documented at Rockingham General Hospital.
51949	squamous cell carcinoma the final diagnoses confirmed poorly differentiated adenosquamous carcinoma of the right upper lobe, with one out of three paratracheal lymph nodes involved and no malignancy in other lymph nodes the significance of September 21, 2062,
51967	Dr. Rose had also contributed to Isa’s treatment plan. These consultations are part of a series of ongoing medical evaluations, and they provide important insights into her health
51976	The clinical history includes mid- rectal adenocarcinoma diagnosed in 2060 under record 95W78541
51984	Born on November 21, 1986, The patient underwent tissue specimen collection on September 13, 2062, at SEALS Central within Redland Hospital, under The care of Dr. Tarka Williams Krahn. Additional dates of significance include September 14, 2062, September 15, 2062, and December 1, 2062,
51987	by Dr. G. Caudillo, and a further entry was made on June 13, 2064, The case was processed At SydPath Department, Wallaroo Hospital. Macroscopically, The first specimen labeled “Right tube and ovary” consists of a multimodal solid mass
51998	The report is authored by Dr. Orlie Lloyd Graubard, with contributions from Dr. XO, Dr. JC, and Dr. H Wold. Additional report dates include October 3, 2062, and December 3, 2062,
52015	63F23372 Residing in Glenview, Newcastle, Northern Territory, with a postal code of 4372, she was born on December 2, 1994. the patient’s specimen, including fluid and tissue, was collected on July 16,
52018	This report pertains to Kendall Sorlie, identified by ID number 21I762408W and medical record number 213762.MCV. The laboratory reference is 21I76240 and The patient resides at Lower Matchaponix, Wauchope, Tasmania, ZIP code 7305.
52037	The small bowel nodule contained metastatic endometrioid adenocarcinoma with poorly formed glands and focal calcification, measuring 0.9mm. Representative slides were reviewed by Dr. I Bosack.
52040	In conclusion, The patient, presented with an atypical lipomatous tumor. well differentiated liposarcoma involving The left perigastric region, lesser sac, and retroperitoneal area.
52062	The invasive carcinoma. is located in The left breast and is classified as invasive lobular carcinoma.
52114	a supplementary report dated October 1, 2062, details immunostains for mismatch repair enzymes. The results indicate preserved nuclear staining for MLH1, PMS2, MSH2, and
52124	and the lab number associated with His case is 34G52935. Brendon resides on Platt House Street in Kurri Kurri Victoria, with a postal code of 3166. His care began at Ballarat Health Services (Base Hospital), under the SEALS central department.
52154	which are linked to procedural or evaluative milestones. The excised specimen labeled under Lab No. 21I76240 measured 180 by 120 by 95 millimeters and included skin, subcutaneous fat, and skeletal muscle.
52172	61D28960 was documented at Dickinson 3 North in Port Pirie Hospital. The report, includes contributions from multiple doctors, including Dr. Rueben Juan Aldrige, Dr. Dwain, Dr. Q Overbey,
52175	5014. Born on May 30, 2025, the patient underwent treatment at Peter Mac under the care of Dr. Keith Wesley Landkamer. His medical history includes a leiomyosarcoma excised from the sternum in 2060, followed by 20 cycles of chemotherapy.
52176	the primary doctor overseeing His care is Dr. Wiseman, along with other doctors such as Dr. Musk, Dr. Moody, Dr. Knight, Dr. Porter, and Dr. Hayes, who have also contributed to His treatment.
52178	His medical record Number is 763313.LKC and His lab Number is 76I31344.
52182	on February 18, 2014, at 1:49 PM, Laura visited the Hospital. for medical evaluation. her case was associated with Lab No. 30T68150 30T68150 She resides on Stone Mill Street in Gosford, NT, with a postal code of 1224.
52195	and September 18, 2063, Additionally, a specific record was made on September 2, 2063, George’s medical history includes a smoking pack year of 23, which may have implications for His treatment, His latest tumor examination was documented at precisely 3:40 PM on
52217	or invasive carcinoma. The endometrium was in The late secretory phase. Adenomyosis and a small leiomyoma were present in The myometrium. Both fallopian tubes. were unremarkable. The diagnosis is no residual CIN, AIS, or invasive carcinoma. in The uterus cervix and tubes.
52230	he was examined by Dr. Ellis. Just a few days later, on April 19, 2064. Dr. Porter followed up with additional care for Mike
52237	that This test, does not diagnose cancer. is an adjunct to other factors, detects 41 common EGFR mutations but May not specify The mutation
52279	2012, at 12:44 PM, Jalen was seen at Pathwest, part of War Memorial Hospital, under the supervision of Dr. Porter. Further medical consultations took place on August 27, 2062, where He was treated by Dr. Lillard and Dr. Rubio. With a history of ongoing medical care, Jalen’s records highlight the importance of regular monitoring and professional oversight to ensure His well being
52290	This medical case pertains to Virginia James, whose medical record number is 664499.SEU. Her lab number is 66M49971 and Her documented medical history includes multiple significant dates. On July 3, 2062,
52301	Dr. Gracia was the primary physician overseeing His treatment, with further medical assessments conducted by Dr. Butler, Dr. Martin, Dr. Joseph, Dr. Brandon, and Dr. Towns. Notably, critical medical documentation was recorded on several dates, including September 2, 2063, September 11, 2063,
52308	The final diagnosis confirms a moderately differentiated squamous cell carcinoma of The vulva, with a depth of 13 millimeters, a width of 35 millimeters, and a length of 44 millimeters, No lymphovascular invasion is observed, and all surgical margins are clear.
52311	Public, within the Parkes 9 East department. on May 28, 2012, at precisely 08:12, she underwent a significant medical procedure, followed by another important evaluation at 09:35 that same morning.
52327	Let’s take a look at the medical history of Tom Berry, recorded under Episode Number 62M791612Q and medical Record Number 624791.RDH. His Lab Number is 62M
52329	an additional report from Springwood Hospital dated November 10, 2062, reported targeted EGFR mutation detection performed by Dr. O Kosofsky. The tumor sample, collected on September 27, 2062, and received on May 10, 2062, was labeled 53P77846 A5 Weikert.
52338	Ella has been under the care of the Hunter Area Pathology Department at Cloncurry multi purpose Health Service. Over the course of Her treatment. she has been attended to by Dr. Valant, with additional oversight from Dr. Jackson and Dr. Fishel. a significant event in Her medical history occurred on May 21,
52343	a cervical biopsy was performed, with The specimen consisting of a friable pale tan tissue measuring 40 x 35 x 25mm. Upon sectioning, The tissue contained an area of possible viable tissue with necrotic material. Blocks 1 to 3 included representative sections of The viable tissue
52351	Today, we are reviewing the case of Sara Scott, whose Episode Number is 51R013587V and Medical Record Number is 5160135.VUV.
52356	Garry resides on Westporter Street in Bega, VIC. Born on May 19, 1998, he has undergone medical evaluations and treatments documented in His records on June 16, 2012, at 7:48 PM, Garry was seen at Hunter Area Pathology, located within Coonabarabran District Hospital.
52372	Denny resides on Bramston Street in Thirlmere, TAS, 5273. Born on July 23, 2004, His medical history has been well documented ensuring precise and effective care.
52375	Today, we examine the medical history of Jolin Parker, recorded under Episode Number 98T406673L and medical Record Number 9874066.SJL. Jolin’s Lab Number is 98T40667 98T40667
52379	The patient, resides in Leestone, Leeton, QLD, ZIP code 2490. The patient, was born on March 21, 1994.
52384	This medical report pertains to Edison Dado, identified with ID number 63M741450O medical record 634741.LNA and lab number
52408	attended by Dr. Terry. Later, He was also treated by Dr. Temples, ensuring continuous medical care this case highlights the importance of consistent healthcare and long- term patient management across different medical professionals.
52432	Let’s take a look at the medical history of Jalen Nilson, identified under Episode Number 19K007521W and medical Record Number 1940075.HFW. His Lab Number is 19K00752.
52435	The medical record 9268535.MZS associated with patient Les Loehrer, born on October 18, 2010, with ID number 92R853549S
52448	She was diagnosed and treated under the care of Dr. VanVleet, a specialist who closely monitored her condition. on July 27, 2062. Dora’s condition. was further evaluated by Dr. Gasol. Throughout this period, her medical journey has been marked by these consultations, emphasizing the continued attention and expertise involved in her care Dora’s lab number,
52451	This report concerns Harley Rater, medical record number 057758.KBP ID number 05T758305M and lab number 05T75830. The patient, born on March 3, 1997, resides at N Kaspar Street, Goolwa, with a postal code of 6705.
52464	Episode identified by reference number 44B207485E follows the medical case of Connie Dinwiddie. Born on April 9, 1983,
52479	Her Lab Number is 51R01358 51R01358 Sara residing at Midge Hall, Newcastle, WA, has a ZIP Code of 2316. She was born on April 24, 1997.
52481	on June 18, 2012, at 12:06 PM, Jeremy received medical attention at Douglass Hanly Moir, within the Tasman multi purpose Centre. His case was initially managed by Dr. Nurse before further evaluation. Key follow up dates in His medical history include August 21, 2062, under the care of Dr. Robinson,
52488	4 Ashley resides on Armand Street in Waterford, Australian Capital Territory, with a ZIP Code of 3758. She was born on October 3, 2012.
52538	on June 10, 2012, at 06:48 AM, Calvin received medical care at CPC Pathology, located within Angliss Hospital. He was treated under the expertise of Dr. Duncan, ensuring a precise diagnosis and appropriate treatment plan.
52540	Connie has been under the care of Laverty Department at Mercy Health O’Connell Family Centre Campus, where she has received continuous medical attention.
52548	coming within 5mm of The bronchial margin. The Macroscopic examination was performed by Dr. JU on September 28, 2062, Microscopic examination reported by Dr. O Broussard, showed A moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma of The right upper lobe measuring approximately 60mm, coming within 4mm of The bronchial and vascular resection margins.
52554	The malignant tumor cells exhibit various growth patterns, including nodules, sheets, trabeculae, and acini. The final diagnosis includes hepatocellular carcinoma in The liver with two separate tumor foci, both completely excised, and chronic cholecystitis in The gallbladder.
52564	Episode 65T9073436 follows the medical case of Ella Walton. Born on November 12, 2004, Ella resides on East Olivera Street in Orbost, Tasmania, with postal code 6221. Her medical records, stored under 657907
52569	including frozen section analysis. and various portions of The fallopian tube The frozen section report, confirmed adenocarcinoma with an endometrioid appearance, with The result provided to Dr. Dezenzo
52574	The diagnosis confirms recurrent, moderately differentiated serous carcinoma involving The small bowel mesentery, liver, adherent omental fat, right pararenal peritoneum, spleen, and one of six lymph nodes. a supplementary report issued on February 4, 2063,
52579	He was treated in the Darling Point Department at Midlands Multi- Purpose Health Centre, where Dr. Hoult and Dr. Russell oversaw His medical procedures. Another hospital involved in His care. was Wimmera Health care. Group Horsham, ensuring continued treatment and assessment.
52580	low- grade invasive mucinous neoplasms are identified in The small bowel serosa, mesentery, intraabdominal tumor, peritoneum, and gastric nodule, consistent with pseudomyxoma peritonei These findings highlight The progression and invasive nature of The disease, marking a significant advancement from The previously documented condition.
52589	The medical report pertains to Lirra Jami Schlereth, identified by ID number 38Y57950
52591	The patient, Culhane Lashawn, with ID number 71Y067830J and medical record number 7190678.JBJ was admitted to The Emergency Department at West Wimmera Health Service Kaniva. Her lab number is 71Y06783 and she resides at New Jefferson, Vincentia, New South Wales, 4076.
52596	2012, at exactly 4:35 PM, marking a critical moment in Her records, Her case continued with further evaluations on July 23, 2062, followed by another crucial appointment on July 24, 2062,
52620	the patient resides at Juniper Point, Moranbah, Western Australia, with a postal code of 6181, and was born on February 6, 1989. the tissue specimen was collected on April 4, 2014, at 10:17 AM from Mater Mother’s Hospital, specifically the Anatomical Pathology department.
52662	involving multiple physicians such as Drs. Linwood Donny Duhamel, Panchal, XM, and X Nalley. The final diagnosis under Lab number 95W78541 confirms metastatic adenocarcinoma consistent with a rectal primary in liver segments ii iii and vii viii with clear surgical margins. The gallbladder
52666	This medical report pertains to Sabrina Tatum, with medical Record Number 4183363.NGA and Lab Number 41W33635. Sabrina received care in April 2064,
52718	attended by Dr. Nelson. later, He was also examined by Dr. Prichard, ensuring that He received continued medical attention. This case underscores the significance of lifelong medical documentation and consistent follow ups with healthcare
52754	The organization involved in this case is Boston Scientific, and The hospital handling The case is Wentworth District hospital The report includes a date of June 12, 2064. The microscopic examination, reported by Dr. B Crofoot, provides a synoptic report for breast carcinoma.
52762	The report is October 20, 2062, Microscopic analysis, reported by Dr. I Majersky, shows that The right pelvic side wall specimen consisted of fibrofatty tissue with no malignancy detected.
52764	the final diagnosis was a Grade 2 endometrioid adenocarcinoma of the endometrium with invasion 16mm deep into a 17mm thick wall. the cervix remained uninvolved, and metastatic adenocarcinoma was present in 8 of 25 lymph nodes.
52783	in summary, The histological diagnosis confirmed moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma with A lepidic growth pattern and focal invasion, without evidence of visceral pleural or vascular invasion,
52784	with no viable tissue and results were reported to the anesthetist by Dr. B. Gutkowski at 14:30 on June 19, 2013. Additional lymph node specimens. were analyzed by Dr. AL on August 22, 2063,
52806	3636, and was born on October 26, 1983. At The time of The report, The patient, is 85 years old. The medical examination was conducted on June 11, 2064, with contributions from multiple doctors, including Dr. Bradley Armand Ruffer, Dr. TD, Dr. AL, Dr. NX, and Dr. SG. Another report, was documented on June 12, 2064,
52814	She resides on Upper Montagu Street in Rockhampton, South Australia, with postal code 6338. The specimen for this report was collected on August 29, 2012, at 14:31 at The Urology Day Only Department of Calvary Public Hospital ACT. The
52874	6 7 highlighting the thorough testing and monitoring conducted. Furthermore, Dr. Ellington was involved in Her case on May 17, 2064, reinforcing the importance of that date Another entry on May 24, 2061, further details Her medical journey.
52884	The medical record 074190.MFS pertaining to patient Reedus Kellie, born on May 3, 2011, with ID number 07L190417H and lab number 07L19041 provides an in depth analysis of her condition.
52905	20 at The Obstetrics Department of Western District Health Service Penshurst. The report is prepared by Dr. Tobias Andy Grosh, Dr. SZ, Dr. LY, and Dr. O Tipre.
52917	indicating an amended report by Dr. H Neidhardt in collaboration with Dr. Bruno Bault, Dr. Ian Kipling, and Dr. Barrie Damewood. The amended report dated December 3, 2062, refines The diagnosis. The final amended diagnosis. confirms a high grade
52933	The specimen was collected on June 11, 2064, at Pathology West, The Sutherland Hospital. The report was reviewed by Dr. Judson Alphonse Spueler. The report was later analyzed on June 12, 2064, by Dr. K. Marsack. Additionally,
52963	with no previous history of malignancy or tumors. Macroscopic examination revealed a left temporoparietal tumor, with three pale tissue fragments, the largest measuring 3mm. Most of the specimen was used for frozen section and smear analysis.
52966	A tissue specimen was collected on September 27, 2062, at pathwest The Forensic Hospital by Dr. Alphonse Raleigh Piccone. The clinical indication was lung cancer. Macroscopic examination of The right upper lobe revealed A 60x40x35mm tumor within an area of pleural puckering,
52978	The medical record 503651.UJI associated with patient Hank Lindemuth, born on December 28, 2003, with ID number 50J651733W and lab number 50J65173
52987	measuring 130 x 100 x 65mm, with an attached fallopian tube measuring 40mm in length. The tumor, upon sectioning, appears solid and lobular with hemorrhagic areas. Two representative sections were taken for frozen section analysis. Blocks numbered 1 to 11, represent different sections of The tumor,
53000	Residing on Pleasant Chase in Camden Haven, South Australia, with postal code 4492, Derrick underwent laboratory testing associated with Lab No. 48G13835 48G13835 His Hospital visit took place on June 25, 2013, at 06:09 p.m., as recorded in the system.
53012	follow up consultations continued the next day, on August 22, 2062, under the care of Dr. Williams, and later with Dr. Gabriel.
53017	This patient underwent a right lower lobectomy and removal of a right flank skin lesion, with specimens collected at Envoi under The care of Dr. Harris Ismael Clyatt. The case involved Doctor MY on October 15, 2062, and Dr. J Progacz, ensuring comprehensive evaluation and reporting of This complex clinical scenario.
53020	with ZIP code 6609. Born on October 26, 2006, His medical history includes several important consultations and tests
53068	Dr. Jackie, Dr. Baj, Dr. Kirk, Dr. NJ, and Dr. TG. An additional date mentioned in The report is October 30, 2062. The microscopic findings, reported by Dr. D Sledge, reveal that sections of The cervix, ovaries, and
53072	6997, and was born on November 9, 1994. The specimen, labeled as tissue, was collected on August 1, 2012, at 19:33 PM from The Coronary Care Unit at Tottenham Hospital under The supervision of Dr. Birrunga Brad Omland.
53075	Episode No. 96A063552Q pertains to Ariel Whitman, a patient receiving care at Hesse Rural Health Service within the Day Surgery Unit. Ariel born on October 5, 1989, resides in Wauchope, TAS, on Kamena Street, with a postal code of 3179.
53089	showed very mild chronic cholecystitis and no malignancy. this report thoroughly details findings critical to The patient’s continued care.
53103	on April 10, 2014, at 14:40, a tissue specimen was collected at the POW L7 Consulting Rooms at Karitane Hospital under the care of Dr. Winston Leilani Ricotta.
53111	The medical record 4378054.UUC pertains to patient guy finn Lamson, identified by ID number 43S80547.
53112	and was born on July 2, 2005. The report associated with lab number 75A86169 includes clinical details related to hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)
53121	The medical record 073905.RQQ associated with patient Brigida Lauri Sprake, with ID number 07K90566 was last edited on June 16, 2064. The report is authored by Dr. AR.
53138	with Lab Number 86F28642 associated with His case. A significant event in Dillon’s medical history took place on March 8, 2013, at precisely 3:54 PM. This moment was A critical point in His treatment within the Recovery Department at Balaklava Hospital. Throughout His care, Dillon has been attended by several dedicated medical professionals.
53143	Diagnoses included a 35 mm grade 3 infiltrating ductal carcinoma with metastasis in one sentinel node, an intradermal nevus, and two cavernous hemangiomas.
53149	The bronchial and vascular margins were free of malignancy, and lymph node involvement was absent. Additional findings included non neoplastic lung abnormalities associated with silicosis.
53157	Tommy Hilderbrandt, born on June 10, 2013, resides in Daley, Millicent, TAS, ZIP code 2902. His medical record number is 3563528.UAO with lab number 35S35288 and ID number 35S352880O
53158	The medical record for patient Quade Hasty, identified by ID number 96R56255 and medical record number 966562.PNM details The evaluation and treatment of an anterior scalp lesion likely to be squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).
53169	This report, last edited on October 17, 2062, details The findings of a right upper lobectomy and lymph node analysis conducted to address a right upper lobe adenocarcinoma. Key dates include October 15, 2062, and October 17, 2062, with Dr. M. Curimao responsible for The final microscopic report,
53180	The final diagnosis confirms The presence of well differentiated mucinous adenocarcinoma in The small bowel which has become more invasive and cellular compared to prior observations.
53184	a specimen collected on July 25, 2012, at 19:49 PM at Exmouth Hospital by Dr. Junior Jason Dice of Envoi Pathology. The clinical indication was lung cancer, specifically involving The left lung with an attached lymph node.
53186	The patient, has a history of colon cancer, peritonectomy, rectosigmoid issues, pelvic mass, and peritoneum involvement, with a past history of caecal carcinoma resected in 2061 and a hysterectomy.
53188	Her primary physician, Dr. Bridges, has overseen Her treatment, ensuring comprehensive care A significant moment in Her medical history occurred on April 17, 2013, at precisely 12:45 PM, A time that marked A crucial point in Her treatment, Throughout Her journey,
53190	He resides at Sylmar, Howlong, Western Australia, with the postal code 5724. His medical journey includes a lab number of 94Y02043 and on March 27, 2014, at 06:48 PM, He had a consultation with the hospital staff.
53208	and critical margin findings, necessitating further clinical correlation and monitoring.
53213	The medical report for patient Tomas Zoe Takayama, identified by ID number 27D83063 27D83063 and medical record number 271830.QJV documents findings related to endometrial cancer. The report last edited
53217	Carol’s case highlights the importance of personalized care and close monitoring by a team of dedicated professionals In the acute care setting.
53218	The final diagnosis confirms a high grade myxofibrosarcoma (myxoid MFH) in The left forefoot with clear surgical margins.
53229	Derrick Wall, born on November 3, 1982, was admitted to Longreach Hospital for medical evaluation. His case was documented under medical record number 4821383.OMF and episode ID 48G138354F.
53238	Episode No. 52P828726X Roy Goodwin, born on October 29, 2032, lives at Belcourt, Buninyong, NT, with the postal code 4034.
53252	as well as gain of The chromosome 12 centromere, with No. FUS locus rearrangement. These results supported The diagnosis of well differentiated to dedifferentiated liposarcoma.
53255	63M74145. The patient resides in Northome, Tinonee, with a postal code of 6327, and was born on December 29, 1992. a tissue specimen was collected on July 11, 2012, at 9:10 AM at SYDPATH Department, Ayr Hospital.
53267	Taylor’s case. is a testament to the collaborative efforts of dedicated medical professionals, ensuring he receives the best possible treatment, Throughout His healthcare journey
53268	The record was last edited on October 12, 2062, with clinical and pathological findings documented by Dr. KL on October 10, 2062, and microscopic examination reported by Dr. Z Feauto.
53286	Today, we examine the medical history of Jeremy Kuzma, recorded under Episode Number 10J811771Z and medical Record Number 1038117.SCZ. His Lab Number is 10J81177 10J81177
53294	7 6 and ID number 27Y518763Q. Gail was born on June 27, 1992, and resides in Wokindon, Denman, Tasmania, with The ZIP code 4383.
53335	The medical report concerns Claude Bottin, identified by ID number 42Z363366H and medical record number 429363.KQQ.
53344	Alan’s medical journey includes significant consultations with multiple doctors. One of the key dates in His history is March 23, 2064, when Dr. Hincks oversaw an important phase of His care Later, on the same date, further evaluations were conducted, reinforcing the importance of this milestone in His treatment.
53352	Additionally, a report dated October 16, 2062, involves analysis from the laboratory at 8 Goolagong Crescent. the findings and interpretations are corroborated by references from reputable sources, including the Catalogue of Somatic Mutations in Cancer Nature Genetics, and other oncological research publications. Finally, the report includes information from the Renal Clinic and South Western Area at Timboon District Healthcare Service,
53363	His Lab Number is 83Z17970. Nikola lives on Manolete Street, Aldgate, Tasmania, ZIP code 3576. He was born on November 3, 2006. on July 3, 2012, at 4:11
53364	The medical record 3872467.JPI associated with Episode No. 38T246735I outlines The clinical case of Eldora Shook, identified by Lab No. 38T24673. The patient resides on Strenger Street, Lismore, New South Wales, 2559, and was born on February 24, 1990.
53374	other medical experts, including Dr. Wu, Dr. Hu, Dr. Chen, and Dr. Guo, have contributed their expertise to Her case Additionally, another essential date in Connie’s records is June 20, 2063, marking further assessments and medical procedures vital to Her ongoing healthcare plan.
53397	while the right common iliac lymph node, and sigmoid appendix remained tumor, free the significance of September 18, 2062, is reiterated in connection with these findings.
53400	the microscopic findings by Dr. P. Blovin, dated May 3, 2063, confirm a moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma, with no lymphovascular or perineural invasion and no residual tumor. An additional report from Cherbourg Hospital. Cancer Centre in the Northern Territory, dated March 27, 2063, details a BRAF mutation
53402	with ID number 30W234486N lab number 30W23448. on April 3, 2014, at 14:31, a tissue specimen was collected at Dickinson 3, North, Brewarrina multi purpose Service,
53408	analysis performed by Dr. Wadjari Stjames on a tissue block labeled 59K84759 Using high resolution melting (HRM)
53411	h z i with episode ID 75Q870329I. on September 26, 2063, Kenny underwent medical evaluation at the PaLMS department, with lab tests recorded under lab No. 75Q87032. This date marks a key moment in Kenny’s treatment.
53415	Maria resides at West Railroad, Williamstown, NT, with ZIP code 1234. Born on October 11, 2009, she has undergone several medical consultations and evaluations over the years.
53430	Jasper Reddick, born on August 12, 1999, was admitted to Shoalhaven District Memorial Hospital for medical evaluation on September 11, 2063. His case, registered under medical record 2755374.ARU and episode number 27O537406U
53437	Another significant consultation took place on October 15, 2063, with Dr. Gasol and Dr. Pinion reviewing her results. Moving forward, Katrina is scheduled for a follow up appointment on May 28, 2064, where Dr. Gordon will continue to monitor her progress.
53445	and was submitted for histopathological and cytogenetic examination. The specimens were collected on October 11, 2062, at The Macquarie Ward of Cobar District Hospital under The care of Dr. Myron Theo Lozey. The macroscopic examination. and supplementary reporting, dated October 12,
53457	his consultation took place in the Envoi Specialist department, where he was attended by Dr. Landon. Further medical assessments were conducted the following day, on August 29, 2063, under the supervision of Dr. Vincent.
53466	is recorded as a female patient. Specimens were collected on October 17, 2062, at The medic surgery Ward of Lake Grace Hospital. The attending physician was Dr. Trevor Jarrett Yokiel, with additional involvement from Dr. KH. Another key date noted in
53478	These dates indicate that Mike has been receiving consistent monitoring and treatment for His condition, with each doctor contributing their expertise to ensure comprehensive care the involvement of Dr. Porter and Dr. Ellis. emphasizes a well rounded approach,
53488	the patient’s latest visit was on June 9, 2064, under the care of Dr. Stewart. Additionally, Dr. Stewart. had previously examined Her on June 5, 2064, Another significant doctor in Her case is Dr. Hook, who also contributed to Her treatment plan during that period. This Medical overview highlights some key dates and the professionals involved in Susan’s care
53489	This case, referenced again under Lab No. 21I76240 was reviewed by Dr. F. Zermeno and other specialists, including Dr. F. Christophe, Dr. F. Maycock, and Dr. Somoza from St. Vincent’s Pathology Department. This report underscores The tumor’s histological features, therapeutic response to prior chemoradiotherapy,
53495	analysis and DNA sequencing, the mutation in exon 15 of the BRAF gene was detected. Another report dated May 7, 2063, from Lowy Pathology in QLD, confirms the presence of the same BRAF mutation in tumor. tissue from This patient. This mutation suggests MLH1 promoter methylation, indicating that the Cancer is unlikely to be hereditary.
53509	The patient resides on Haan Street in Roxby Downs, SA, with postal code 7268. The specimen was collected on August 27,
53510	Throughout The report The patient's lab number 92M63178 is referenced as part of The clinical identification and diagnostic process, with The specimens and findings consistently documented under this identifier.
53515	Her address is listed as Brindabella Street, Leongatha, ACT, with The ZIP code 5607. She was born on February 27, 1988, and
53525	at the time of a later consultation, Stacy was recorded to be 56 years old. Additional medical reviews were conducted by Dr. Fultz and Dr. Lindon, ensuring continuity in her healthcare. This case highlights the importance of thorough medical records and follow up evaluations for a patient’s well being over the years
53530	The patient, Ritson Nyah Marcus, has a medical record number 2805065.FMV and an ID number 28B506514V. The patient’s lab number is 28B50651 28B50651 The patient, resides in Legra, Moranbah, TAS, ZIP code
53535	Her case continued to be monitored, with Dr. Theis, and Dr. Stockton, providing follow up care the latest update was recorded on June 10, 2064.
53546	She was born on April 24, 1997, and is female. The lab number associated with her case is 97P22753 97P22753 A specimen of washings and tissue was collected on April 7, 2014, at 17:40 at The PaLMS department of Margaret River Hospital.
53601	located in The lower back.
53952	is reiterated twice in the context of these findings.
351	really I used to have that. I used to get excited when I could have the afternoon to myself, but I don't really have that any more. I try to fill my time with other things. On Wednesdays, for example, Amelia is at school until nine o'clock at night, so Wednesday is like my night to try to go see some friends or something like that, and keep myself stay at work late or do something right after work, so I'm not just like at home by myself.
354	I, so, you sort of said that, you know, that psychotherapy gets a bad rap, and deservedly so, for focusing too much on “everything comes from your childhood.” Then you sort of developed a “second order of theory” of... it’s important, but it’s important because of the way you construct, one constructs theories about how one exists, and
367	It can be enlightening if you choose to see it that way the situation on Friday night where you unthinkingly took literally, didn't question what that guy told you, and the result was hysteria. And then, when you stopped and thought about it, you felt calm within a very short time.
391	amount of I mean, I've never been prouder to be from Cheshire. Between the cooperation of citizens and law enforcement, that's fucking amazing. We're going to get the 911 guys; just fucking hunted them down like dogs. It's kind of weird. I don't know, when I think it, it felt like a police state. It was a police state. That was kind of weird. I don't know how you get around that if this is the world we're going to live in.
410	internal rigidity, yes. And it... Yeah, and it’s really problematic. I’m like, I understand... the desire for perfection, but... You know, I don’t think you and I talked about, but she and I, and Dr. Jannis talked a couple of weeks ago about anger and... the sense in which
3252	Maybe I want to be interesting to you. Which is... That's a funny thought. I'm sorry, what were you I didn't have a follow up to that. Or I thought that there was more, but that was... Well, the thought I had, which certainly, you know, can relate to Tanya, although not necessarily produced by the situation, is like sort of what makes people want other people to stick around? Hm.
3254	Dr. McNally more? Do you need someone to help you clean the apartment? Do you need...?" I don't know that those are...and then she immediately from there went to separation which right now I don't feel good about and I don't want to do. But I don't know if it's apparent this is really difficult. Yesterday I had to listen to him tell me
3335	Yeah, sometimes I'm not sure what thread is important to pick up this week, I guess. My parents are coming to visit this weekend. It's probably a good thing. We have a very small apartment so I'm concerned about hosting my parents in our tiny apartment. It's they have a house that's large enough for seven people to live in are used to living in that space and it's a different thing. And they've come to visit before?
3347	It's Monday. That's true. But I usually try to get it done early in the week so I can enjoy the rest of the week. Yeah. I really don't know what else to do though. It's either that or or possibly maybe I could go back to volunteering. You could do that a couple hours a week in addition to applying for a job. Yeah. It gets you... I mean, one of the things I heard you say earlier is maybe one thing that would help with Sydney is actually being, having your day be a little bit less dependent on him. Yeah.
3373	I'm thinking that in order to express it to her I have to find the right level of not caring about the impact on her. I mean, I cannot be worried about the impact and say something. But in order not to be worried about the impact I have to, at some point, not care about what it does to her, because, if I know what's going to happen and I do it anyway, then I've done this thing. But you can't know. No, I can't know. But, if I can reasonably project that it's going to do something bad and then I do it... like, I'm not going to throw a rock at your head because I can't know what's going to happen, but it's probably going to hurt.
3387	Whether it undermines it or not is the question. It goes to the heart of I mean you may not think that it's much to give up by waiting a day or so. It may not. That may not be a big issue for you, but it sort of gets to the heart of how much do you need to bracket your needs or hold yourself back, constrain yourself or confine yourself for the sake of Tanya. Right. What were you thinking?
3394	I can’t like him out, and so I just don’t you know, but I – that vulnerability is just there. I’m like yeah, it was always there, but now I have to like pay attention to it. I don’t know what I’m going to do. Probably just try not to think about it or anything.
3444	That's great. I mean, it's especially tough for the people who have to look after him all the time, I mean those are very nice qualities. I'm not saying it's not the easiest one for you, but it's pretty nice. It will be interesting. He doesn't really seem I don't know. He's kind of skinny, so it's like I don't know how he would do getting banged around in hockey.
3446	They make it more real. Suicidal is kind of a fairly vague word. As is abuse; a lot of things the devil is in the details. Right. In both cases, we've talked before about me having some sort of need for control and need to protect other people and take care of other people.
3453	I was out in Oregon and one of Amelia's good friends has a medical marijuana card for his anxiety, so she was like why don't you just give it a try? I couldn't even, like I took one I inhaled once and then I had a panic attack. So the panic is about being poisoned. It felt like stuff that doesn't belong in my body is going to kill me I guess.
3518	did do it growing up and I really did do it even college, like every summer and now I really am doing it with my spouse and so... Okay. So one of the things we have to I think get clear about in reality is his parents are not going to be parents to him in the way you want them to be.
3522	one of the... not the only, but one of the causes of her... self-injury and suicidality is her utter inability to deal with anger from anyone else or herself. That’s my description of it. There is, not theirs, but... She’ll get angry and... she’s not allowed to express the anger, by herself.
3571	The closing is a quarter to three and then I've got to meet Jess's mom to put the car seat in the car so she can go pick up Lucille. She wants to take Ian so it's not a shocking for Lucille,
3599	So it's a good thing that we had the sessions last week. Tanya and I went to a wedding of one of her cousins this weekend, which was a hard time for me? The wedding was beautiful, and there were a lot of parties, and that was all fine. There were the normal kind of annoyances that go along with going anywhere with her family. No one's ever on time for anything. We made it to the wedding on time by about two minutes and only because we tried to get there about 40 minutes early. So that was good. And it's one of those things.
3604	less time for me to think about other things and about my anxiety. Like for example yesterday, I was at my other job, where I have a lot it's just not as structured and I don't feel as productive. I'm not sure why that is.
3611	Okay. Will he want to talk to me? I mean how – I guess what I was - I don’t know. I would think he will want to talk to you briefly. Okay, all right, that’s fine. So what do I do now? He’ll be ten minutes. Okay. I’m going to eat some bread. Do you want anything? No thanks. You sure? Yeah. Okay.
3662	as you start to sort it all out. I will also talk to Dr. Farrow and hammer home even more than I did already, what you're saying to me today because I think it's more of a perspective that she's not thinking of as much.
3675	And so I asked the question believing that it was likely that becoming pregnant has been a challenge and has been a hard, like a traumatic thing in other times for you. Because I wanted to, I guess, apologize for dismissing that. So, that’s the how it came to be.
3679	For me it's like if he's there, it's nothing. If he isn't there, it's me not living there and feeling like I'm taking up their space. Has there been expressed unhappiness with the amount of time you spend there? There was once several, several months ago, but that was before they knew that Sydney had serious depression and then he explained it to them and then they were okay with it. I guess for me I'm like, "Okay. That was several months ago. I'm not sure if they're still okay with it." They're sort of under the understanding that I'm taking care of him and I'm thinking
3688	That we're going to need to end on that note. I was going to say... or I'm going to say, you know, I'm happy to meet with you if you wanted to do twice a week for a while. We can really just get into this. And we are into it. You've got a lot to figure out. There's some time constraints it sounds like, in terms of your job and figuring that out. So I just want to put that out there to you, that I'd be happy to do it. I think it'd be helpful, not to say that meeting once a week isn't helpful.
3709	That’s certainly a non-trivial question. Yeah. You know one of the other things that, in all of this is I feel like I’m trying to work out these issues that I have with. I’m working them out at you or something. I feel like that could be challenging or something to you. So particularly in you shifting how you were responding to it. I felt more anxious about it. But you having said what you said, I sort of…I guess I understand better
3723	it all along, and we’ve talked about it today, but it’s sometimes it’s sort of similar to the foreground of just how sort of acutely aware and sensitive you are about, with the people around you, you’re very homed in on them.
3746	I’ve also never been this depressed and trying to be in an acapella group at the same time in the past. I’ve missed very few rehearsals for emotional reasons. I think there was like, you know, a couple of…a bunch that I missed when I was like dealing with Jonas and when… oh, I didn’t even miss that rehearsal; the one when I liked Corey and...the day before I found out that he didn’t like me back.
3769	I know. I understand why Ivan wouldn't tell someone who...I can't understand... Maybe you can understand in that it took you awhile to tell me because you were so embarrassed about it. Do you remember? I didn't want to...I hadn't looked at this note since I found it.
3801	You know you can breath for a count of four. You've held a note longer than that so it's not about whether you really have enough air but something about focusing on it felt different, felt dizzy. That doesn't have to be a bad feeling. Okay. Yeah I like to breathe in and out before I get that extra four for holding it because, yeah, I guess I'm used to breathing you know, not just holding but like letting out over a long period of time. A long period of time. But like there's no -
3803	But like that's the best relationship I have and quite honestly she's been my caretaker when she was young because she's the oldest and I hate that she ends up...she goes and she's really worried about me and then she tries to help me out in ways but I don't want our relationship to become all about trouble in my marriage because she already listens to my mom about her troubles and her marriage and my poor sister is never going to get married and I don't know. I need somebody to...
3873	No. It's not a problem like the issue is something more like, it took me a while to come to recognize that that is something that I don't want, although it's really obvious that I don't want that. I'm not that happy living in the city, like in a day-to-day sense. It's just really noisy and there's nowhere green or quiet. I mean there are trees, so at least there are trees on the streets. It's not like parts of Delaware. But yeah, so I don't know where they went,
3875	And it’s been something that’s been really hard for you to access, so it’s not working for you. It’s so snowy out. It’s been a rough winter. Like I have to wait for it to stop being snowy. Like I’m okay with walking in the cold, but like not really walking like in the snow. And like right now it’s just so slippery out. Like even getting to the car to get here was like a challenge. Yeah, it’s definitely more challenging. It’s been a rough winter for that.
3896	Right. Works better for you. ...works better than something in the long term. But like I don't necessarily always have that there. Right. Like the day where I wanted to dye yarn and like I did that after I sent out the application. Yeah. So maybe we could look for more things like that.
3903	And if we wanted to think about it for a few minutes, because probably getting much more particular about what would be hard about hearing them. The message that you had a job interview, you know, and you never got. Not far from stuff we've talked about. Again, I don't have a complete understanding, or I'm sure that there's a lot of important context that I don't have. Yeah. But yeah,
3933	am I accurate in interpreting or inferring that you're not comfortable being in a role of more of a receiver in a sense? Am I wrong? No, you're right. So behind that is there, "I should mostly be my bright, positive, cheerful self?" Yes.
3963	Oh, I’ll go for purple. Okay. Of course, every time I write the day today I’m tempted to put my birth year as the year. But it’s not 1985, it is 2014. Thank you.
3984	Do you think that's the relationship with too? That this sort of kind of love like comfort thing you're looking for feels like a younger your younger self too? I don't know. I guess love makes you feel younger.
3985	Maybe they're not trying to say that, but that's what they end up saying by accident. I don't really feel like this has done me any good. I would imagine that implications of it piss you off. Yeah. Yeah. Partly because it sucks to be misunderstood, and partly I'm just like, "Well, am I doing this wrong?" Yeah. Sermons, in general, tend to piss me off to be honest. Oh, really?
4013	I'm kind of sick of having that thought always in my head. What's amazing is you're having a really, really hard time. Yeah, but I feel like it's always a really, really hard time. There's no bounding to that. It's an endless hard time..
4028	I think, yeah, I think slow websites counts as like a legitimate reason to not apply to something. Well it's your list. So... I mean... And I applied to something else that day so I was... So I still fulfilled my one a week. Well let's keep going with that because that's working to at least get you moving. Yeah. It's not really working to get me past... It hasn't gotten you a job
4054	She's very Yup. Because she's always, she's like, "But then you will get upset. I don't want you to worry about it. I don't want that to be on your mind. I don't want you to feel like you can't talk about something that's going wrong because you're worried about me." Mm. Like just really to an extreme has she been my Mom. Mm hm.
4076	Just said it's not okay to be mad about something. I'm like I have the right to. He doesn't say why, you know? I guess maybe because he can't do anything wrong but like I have the right to be upset. I guess maybe because me being mad hurts him but like he's doing things to make me mad. His behavior really just disappoints you.
4086	And so I asked my roommate to see if they would be a good fit. And they're not. And I was like I was a little upset by that because Elaina's like, "Yea, the girl is a little pushy." And I'm thinking she can't be any pushier than me. Or when do you guys actually see each other? Not that often. It was kind of lonely in that place because I wouldn't see my roommates for days. And there's such little interaction time. Why does it matter that the person you don't really see that often is pushy? I don't know.
4113	I'm not really sure what to do. Do you know what makes one day a good day and one day a bad day? I'm not sure because it usually starts midto late-day. Saturday was fine. I even went out walking for a good two-and-a-half hours. Saturday was a good day. Saturday was a good day. There's nothing bad that happened yesterday that triggered it. You just had this feeling.
4203	And not a lot of space in there, in either case, for someone actually taking care of you really. Really loving and being there for you. Maybe in your sister. That's as close as you got. Yeah. Completely in Emma. Yeah. But, again, she does something that she is very passionate about, and works incredibly hard, and has been ambitious, and getting more degrees, and going above and beyond her forty hours a week. Well beyond that. Mm hm.
4214	So I think that's also part of what feels so frustrating right now is that a piece of what's getting attributed to depression actually has to do with being depressed and having a personality disorder at the same time. Does he really have a personality disorder? I think so.
4216	And then I hadn't really, you know we get to these points in the sessions and they happen sort of randomly distributed across sessions and in the time space of a session break. One of us will hit on something true. Usually it's you will reformulate everything into a concise whole, very nicely and then I don't have much more to say than yes.
4263	I see. That's something that has to be wood or can you get, like... Well, I don't want... A couple of nails and a piece of tape and, like, just or maybe three nails, like boom, boom, boom and then you put a piece of tape that's the windshield kind of around the nails and then, like, I don't know. Then you could even get a sharpie and you could, like,
4266	I would either when I was younger, I would usually just buy an extra snack from the cafeteria at school, or I would tell my mom I was taking lunch money, but I would take more so I could get some extra snacks. So you really thought about this, this was planned. Oh, yeah, yeah. Then, once I could drive, in high school, that's the end of it.
4270	You're probably also thinking about suicide. In a way, that's a relief, but in a way it feels crummy and you're probably worried about staying in this really downward jag after having felt better for a while and that sucks. Yeah. There may be other things, too, I just know these are things you have often thought. And, again, I'm not saying you want to be telling your sister, but it doesn't even occur to you that there's more to the story than those 30 seconds.
4278	It... It took me a few minutes, after I left, to sort of sort out my feelings, but... I was very grateful for you, to you for talking about it. Just... it was, it was interesting, and also comforting, and sort of reassuring. Like, you were saying that... not only is it essentially okay that I interact with the world in a particular fashion, but it is necessary that we construct theories to make sense of our reality.
4284	Hi, come on in. Hi. How are you doing? Good. Long day at work. Yeah? Yeah. Usually, the way I work with people is I like for you to start with whatever is on your mind, and then we can kind of take it from there. What's on my mind? Sorry, just like, because I on Thursdays, I'm at work, so I just like haven't
4341	Mm hm.He goes from like crying to really happy, hyper attentive towards me, he goes really back and forth, back and forth, which I understand is part of depression. I shouldn't expect it to be different, I'm not criticizing the fact that he's going through that but I'm just acknowledging it's really tough. It's a lot on you.
4348	next was doing all these things and it's not working and I'm really frustrated. Making that so that's a very kind of absolute it's not working, making that a little less absolute, doing all the responsible things that I'm supposed to be doing and they're not working and just adding right now. It doesn't make it untrue. Right?
4363	Whether that's right or wrong isn't the question. Because if you to... If you want to stay in a relationship with him and you want things to change the only piece you have control over is how you respond to the situation and it sounds like right now the response of letting him hear the anger that you feel is resulting in him not really being able to hear your message. He hears the tone and shuts down as you say.
32507	Yeah, give her an update of what's happening. You've followed the steps that she's outlined thus far and let her know how it's affecting you, that it seems to be pushing them off a little bit, delaying them maybe, but that you're still really suffering. It's like I don't have an appointment with her until the 19th which is like another almost two weeks. Oh, no? So, I therefore like, that's still another two weeks of - Yeah, what's the plan from now 'til then?
32525	Yeah. But, yeah. I was telling Dave I was really frustrated that I couldn't get to sleep because this is so stupid. He woke me up less than an hour after I finally dropped off to ask me to move over because I was taking up too much space in the bed; and then I did not get back to sleep at all that night. He woke me up at five and then I was just up. I couldn't get back to bed.
32527	yeah. I mean this is – I kind of feel like – I mean this is tricky; like so the thing I’m sort of trying to get my head around here, is there’s this sort of parallel where on a smaller scale, you’re sort of presenting to me how you feel unable to manage things with her.
32565	my heart started to race and race and race and I couldn’t get my breath. I was just, like, gasping for breath, then I started to get chest pains and it was just awful. And I managed to sit down and call my husband and he came out, he actually left work to come and get me. So that sounds like quite an unpleasant experience for you, at the time.
32572	It feels like you, and James and Dr. is like people who are trying to help me. It feels like with the best of intentions, you’re all to continue down this incredibly painful and destructive path. That’s disorienting. Yeah. And you’re welcome. But I imagine in some ways, it’s actually worse, in that not only are we inviting you, but especially James is in some ways making you feel obligated.
32582	It's not just about booking dates that I didn't want to go, it was also dad e mailed me and said, "The travel agency offers flights to China from L.A., Boston or Chicago. The default is L.A. and you have to pay more to go from Chicago or Boston." What did Dave and I want? He gave us the table of prices.
32584	I've been I'm finally feeling better, like today and yesterday. I'm eating a little bit more now and I feel like either I'm getting used to the medication or I wasn't really having side effects at all, or maybe I'm mentally getting used to the fact that I
32599	One is, do you want to talk more about the trip? I know you haven't been hot about whether to go or not. Maybe it's worth thinking about a little more. I don't want to put something out that's stressful on you. If it's going to feel stressful to think about, we will wait a while. Second, I wonder if it would be helpful to have another time here. I would have to check. I'm pretty wacked at the moment, but I would do what I could to do that if that might help. I don't want to sort of promise or dangle, I just don't know if I have that. I will look.
32613	crafts-y or carpenter-y that way. It's not something that you're comfortable with. At the same time, you're a smart, competent guy. You could probably get pretty good instructions. It's a fucking pinewood derby car. You know what I mean? I don't know if it's that you have no confidence, you know? I guess I refuse to believe you don't have the,
32623	I either need to pull over right now and call my mom or I need to tell her, as soon as I get out the car, that she needs to take me to the emergency room because I snorted something that I shouldn't have. And I was like totally sick enough, that that was an okay thought for me to have.
32624	I thought I just saw the first few flakes. Oh, it’s snowing. Oh it is. It’s snowing. Yeah. It’s mostly been a bit cold and windy. Yeah. So yeah,
32647	like thinking about it and trying to do something about it the more it's on my mind all the time and basically ends up back firing. You know, so that I'm very aware that the last few weeks I haven't had much physical contact at all. Well I guess there are a couple explanations for that. One explanation is you're in touch with being angry, so you don't want physical contact.
32676	Which is something I'm interested in. I'm interested in patient navigation which is pretty related, but that's also volunteer. Okay. But I've been told by one of my professors that you've got to be at least volunteering. You will go crazy if you just do nothing but apply to jobs. So I'm hoping, like it can't hurt. It's building your resume. It is. It's going to help. And hopefully I'll make some connections. Yeah.
32708	And then after you've taken a full inhale to four you're going to hold your breath for four and then you're going to exhale for four. So work at your own pace to get into that rhythm. Inhaling for four then holding for four. And then exhaling for four. Repeat that cycle a few times. Inhaling for four, holding for four, exhaling for four
32728	a lot more about trying James's patience. Yeah, I don't know why it doesn't occur to me. I don't know. We always have these weird conversations like, "Hey, how are you doing?" "Oh, I'm not doing so well. I'm kind of having a bad day. How are you doing?" She talks for 15 minutes about her dog.
32754	It’s not – I’m not even sure whether I’m upset with him for sending the e-mail. Like I’m clearly upset with him for being upset with me for having a problem with it. I feel like that’s just the thing. But it’s more like I just got really scared and I’m really scared. And I – I don’t know, I –
32764	Yeah. I don’t know whether like the last time I was in Frederick I just – it feels like sharing like the externals of the situation, or versus the internal. Like when I was Frederick last time,
32797	Maybe your metaphor about being let out of prison and, again, the coincidence of this event happening right now as you're really getting into this process and, I think, more opening up about what happens when you're really known to another person, whether it's me, whether it's Kelly as the relationship grows deeper.
32801	And that will only come from practice... That is true. ...Including making mistakes and not making mistakes. True. So did you do that homework? Yeah, I did. Did you feel some progress? Yeah, I did. I did. I definitely felt progress. I think that it clearly, it was easy to do the other stuff, as it had been up until now the other stuff, the beliefs that I had and
32851	Yes, language is culture and that would be bad if that were lost, but no, really, it’s more important to be hearing. I don’t know what I think about that, but it’s not really important. Joanne is a interpreter and she’s really involved with the deaf community and used to teach primary school kids who were deaf, so she’s pretty anti-cochlear implants and pretty firmly an advocate for the deaf community.
32874	It's very extreme, it's very exaggerated and... Jessa I have a fantastic bridge I can sell you. It's called the Brooklyn Bridge and I can sell it to you at a great price. Exactly. Oh, you want to buy it? No thanks. Well done. I'm glad you're not a hundred percent gullible...
32907	Sunday morning was — I think because we went over Mosbie's house and I was drinking, and so I think it may have to do with dehydration a lot too. Uh huh. Like if you drink the night before, you'll do more puking. Or even if I'm just dehydrated from drinking coffee or just not drinking water, you know. Yeah. So recently I've been trying to drink more water, but I have to get up and pee more.
32912	I had a week of kind of coming home and just doing titles and working from home. I've been going to the office, but going home in the afternoon there are no real pressure or stress on me to get things done. Where today I've got I mean I've got plenty of time I've already got documents.
32918	Oh, just stuff you lift stuff. And there's a glass or something horrible happens. And I was on his arm and I was next to him. And he was going ahead and diffusing the stuff. Or doing it the right way because he knew how to. Diffuse the explosion? Yea. And what were like what was the explosion was like in a box?
32921	Maybe I guess I could ask if I could take some sort of, like Sydney takes Ambien but I there was one time I took one of his Ambiens and that was like the night I was trying to go to sleep when I was like super duper sick and throwing up and stuff and I ended up throwing up the Ambien but like - And you don't generally have trouble falling asleep. No, but I'm having trouble staying asleep, so I don't know if sometimes in general I don't but with the panic it also has made it harder to fall asleep too. Well
32925	are spending most of the time on their phone, because they really don’t want to be in the meeting and were hardly engaged when they were looking at it. So I don’t ask them what they were doing, because I know, if that makes sense. Well, that’s, yeah, I have two different thoughts. My first thought is,
32968	it would make sense. If I was that person and that insane, then it would only make sense to just knock someone's door down, take a few more people out, and just blow yourself up. There are no words to explain, to feel like that could happen. I mean yeah, they were armed, but all that takes is a second. If he knows
32972	There is a test called the ACE Study - Adverse Childhood Experiences Study. Have you heard of this study or taken any tests for depression? No. Have you taken any tests for depression or trauma? No. Have you heard of post-traumatic stress disorder?
33006	I think if you got too emotional about it, it would be hard to what was done what you need to do? Right. And then, she’s not going to change. I’m never going to be happy with that situation. Or it’s not going to be the way I want it. Yeah, no, I’m not trying to make an argument that you should. I’m just saying it seems to me like that’s the worry. Right. Yeah, it doesn’t sound like you have a whole lot of backup anywhere.
33018	Yeah. If nothing else it's adding and it's giving me something to get out of the apartment and feel productive. Yeah. Also telling yourself, a year from now you'll be somewhere. I know that's a long ways away, but it will happen. I think that's also with Ivan. Something is going to happen. And enough will happen that you will feel better, or nothing will happen and you will feel worse. But you'll know more in a year. This is the hardest time ever.
33174	And I think when I think of prescriptive I think of 'this is what you should do.' But I think it would be more accurate my saying, 'this is what I want for you because I think this would be good.' Which is a little bit different. Yeah, yeah.So people often use they describe situations as non ideal that are really bad. Do you mean those also? I'm not sure. I understand what you're saying, but I'm not sure what you're referring to.
33233	then he won't. He claims that he doesn't need to see his therapist, too. He's had a relationship with his doctor since 2005. He sees him once every three months and it's mostly just to prescribe meds. What does he take? He has ADHD, so he takes Concerta, which is one of those drugs where you kind of have to go see a physician in person every three months because of FDA regulations.
33239	No, because you're human, and humans don't do everything exactly how they should. But I should be better than that. I mean, I was taught to have high standards. You're being very hard on yourself. Are you suggesting I not be hard on myself? Yes. Really? I think you're torturing yourself. OK. End of role play. Jessa, I think you're very talented at torturing yourself.
33240	You're not his therapist. Those are things that he needs to be working on with his therapist. Again, there's not much that I can control in that situation. Right. You can't control him or his choices or how far he can push himself, but it does sound like in some ways you're being limited by his worries, his fears, and then they're feeding to your own worries and fears.
33303	Oh, your drama queen friend, yes. The drama queen friend. OK. However, it would be very good for you if he did do another performance like that, to give you the opportunity to assess how much you're going to take him seriously or not, and to give you the opportunity to not upset yourself. However, we shall see. What will be, will be. But the important thing now is to keep on practicing your awareness and, I
33308	That, in thinking about this, Debbie is I don't know on this one; I really don't, because I think this is probably for me, this is where I challenge myself the most in making sure that I appear that I do everything responsibly. And so it is almost like pulling off the veneer,
33312	"It doesn't mean you have to obsess over spending it perfectly, most wisely, whatever." Hm. "And you're keeping your sister waiting. She works like crazy all week and you don't. And this is how she's spending her weekend. You need to be more considerate." Hm. And feeling self-conscious because I felt like in that time she's taking care of me like she always has. Mm hm. She doesn't know how to stop doing that. I don't know how to - Hm.
33353	Yeah....nah thick as shit. She didn’t, she said she didn’t have time... I thought how can you not have time to hear about the cure for world hunger...all those starving children...- you know what I mean. Right. Yeah. So that’s why she sent me here to see you to tell you all about it. Right. Ok, tell me about it, tell me what’s going on.
33371	I guess if you have any other suggestions. I’ll just go across—I don’t know. Counseling. Well, first, let the record show that I am offering concrete and I know if it were around here and I didn’t know the area, what I would do would be to try—call a psychiatry department at one or more of the hospitals. Or possible even an ER. See if you can get ahold of the psych ER and ask if there are good community clinics or other low-cost mental health clinics. Those will sometimes provide sliding scale work for your treatment to people who don’t have much income.
33382	It’s just such a difference, I don’t know. And I don’t like—I hate talking to strangers. And I have to call them on the phone for Tyler. And I feel like those aren’t to call these people. I don’t know. But, yeah.
33426	Ok, I wonder .... You’ve got to dig deep and look for it you know what I mean. Yeah, yeah. - Right. Ok. How have you been feeling physically in your physical health? Any problems there? Physically, fine, I’m, I’m fine yeah, absolutely. And have you been taking any prescribed medication besides the Prozac in the past?
33427	It seems that is so. But I've done some research. I've looked a couple of things up. I have been hopeful, I think, that there are probably some nervousness about going to the doctor tomorrow, because it is almost like, if I haven't addressed it yet, I haven't heard anything, so it is almost like the "no news is good news." But I want to seek answers because...
33453	That’s fine. Um, yeah. I guess I... Yeah, that’s fine. Anyway, yeah, thank you. You’re keeping things moving in a... particular... line of summoning things that we’ve talked about before, to continue the conversation we’re having at present. Which, it’s not that you don’t do that ever, but you... several in a row. Anyway, so, Tanya, perfectionism; me, not the same
33464	probably some specific markers that indicate that there is forethought into what’s going on and that... an understanding of... both what’s being done and the effects that it’s having, because... most organizations have a structure, and most structures do something to the people in them, and that does something to the final product, also.
33466	My ID would say I am 35, but I feel 23 and free. Free food...food for the soul, a nice bit of sole, yeah, aye...Right. A bit of fish, ah fantast, I’m not half hungry. - Right. You have any food? Any food here? You have any food, I’m starving, nah?
33472	psychological, subconscious reasons but the practical thing that I was thinking was there was already someone who was interested. So I kept thinking about her and thinking of saving that money or giving it to my mom. So then when I finally decided to leave that place, I asked that girl and she was still interested.
33545	in part a construction on yours, or maybe both of yours; I don’t know. For which I mean, like it seems to me as though it feels like you can’t both be angry, and upset about it, and scared, and partly angry at him. Also recognizing that, you know, there’s some sort of as yet to be determined
33551	All right, talk to me. We'll exchange roles: "I should have called you, Jessa, when I was going to be late. It makes me an irresponsible, no-good person. I feel disgusting. I feel I'm not acting adult enough. I I just feel depressed". OK, Debbie, are you aware right now that that it is quite OK that you didn't reach out, and that...? Shouldn't I be more responsible?
33568	He's got a lift ticket until noon or something like that. Is he liking it? Yeah. I think, you know, he even said he had fun even with — to him, he doesn't see it as regressing. He likes it. Good. I went to the bathroom and did my morning puking routine, which has been less and less and less. Good.
33570	I just wonder if this thing was official jargon or... You also do this other thing. Back to the first thing I do. Sorry for interrupting. The second thing. That's part of one of the symptoms of ADD, so. Yeah, but you don't interrupt randomly. You interrupt specifically when I'm trying to tell you something. I guess I think it's funny. So I do this thing. What?
33580	My friend Franco is applying for academic jobs right now, which is a stressful thing normally. But he's also... the advice he got from his thesis committee was that he should just do another project real quick before he applied for jobs and use that as the talk that he gives. So that gives him a month to do the work that normally would take a year or something, which is terrible advice.
33622	I guess last time you suggested that I should not monitor Tanya's mood on a day-today basis, which I think is good advice. I'm just sitting there thinking that it's maybe been a little bit harder than I anticipated, so I've been doing that; but Tanya also appears much better than I think she is in some ways.
33663	is really hard. So what? So it is hard. But I don't even have an answer! Well, you started to dispute it. Get back to it. What is the irrational belief? And then dispute it. The irrational belief is that you're not going to like me anymore if I don't get here on time,
33671	I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know, like he just wanted company. He’d been alone all week. I don’t know. So, yeah. Talked to him Saturday. I don’t know. I guess on top of everything I don’t know. This woman he was dating. I don’t know. It was even a tab  on the relationship.
33680	Well one thing he promised me we'd actually make out because we hadn't for like weeks and because he was up for it on Friday night but then he was too tired and so he was like, "I definitely will want to tomorrow." And then he was just like sleeping and I sort of knew that like... I mean, granted this is like a bunch of steps but like in the past when something like this has happened when I let him sleep in he's going to be hungry for lunch and not want to do anything and then after lunch he'll
33695	There was a little, sort of, tussle over something. And her analysis of the tussle had to do with one editor being more religious and conservative and that was what was causing the tussle, when I think the problem actually had to do with, at least part Ethiopian politics, and who’s been blamed for various bits of corruption or balance or, there was something going on there. I was also wondering, you know, who’s the editor that’s reverting it? Are they Ethiopian? Are they not? Who’s writing this?
33707	I feel like I probably can’t wait until the end of winter to like start exercising, but I don’t really have any other choices. Like maybe I’ll get because then I could have time and then I could join a gym or something or like… Or go someplace indoors. Like even just doing laps in a mall. Right. You think about, I know we talked last time about thinking creatively about how to navigate some of the challenges. People do still exercise in the winter.
33709	It not only reminds you and brings you back to the feelings of these other experiences, but is another one you are experiencing right now. Like all of the feelings after your father's death that led you to cut yourself off and kind of meander lost into the world
33738	at least undermine your ability to be present for her. So there's a conflict on that level. This is maybe more direct that maybe your need to be expressive at the moment actually undermines what you think her need is to stay alive her need is to stay alive.
33747	I have to speak with the doctor and speak with a professional, and speak about what the next steps are, because medicine is never a panacea; it is a way of aiding to making me feel better, but it is not going to cure or fix the entire situation.
33748	But I didn't do anything. So I guess I'm curious about him. What it does for you to talk about it because it sounds like you feel certain even when you're in those moments that although you want the panic to stop that you're not actually going to hurt yourself so I'm wondering, what does it do to talk about it? Does that make it better? Does that make it worse? I don't think it makes it worse. I think it's sort of like I have this urge to talk about it so,
33753	I was feeling a little bit mad at work, but it wasn't such a big deal that I needed to leave early or anything. It was just getting things done. That was only one of the two days, though, I think. Maybe that was actually the week before. I think I was mostly okay at work last week. So there are good days; a couple of good days in a row and then a couple of bad days.
33773	Ok, right well it’s, I’ve got my various bits and pieces here I find in the papers like you know the football results... - Right. ...they need adding together.... - Ok. ...and then I have to find some other information on this page. There are some pages and page numbers there... - Right. - ...add those together and take it away from what’s on there. - Right. So, I do that and you find you find other things.
33792	You could give yourself a little bit of time. You're not losing your friend because she moved but she's clearly going to be a part of your life in a different way. She can still be a great friend. She can still listen and understand the way she does, she did when she was here. You need someone to go do stuff with. Somebody else to meet for a run or a walk with your dogs or Anything, yeah. I mean it's also tough that he finds such solace in my family that can drive me nuts. We were going to visit them a week ago with my friend also and my dad,
33816	Couple of months. We’ve been living together for the last four and a half weeks. Why do you care. Nobody cares. Oh God! I can’t believe he is gone. I hate him. I need him to come back because I love him. Jack the jerk was before him. Bill left me too. They all leave. Everybody leaves me. I hate them. Carl was different he said he loved me, but well if he loved me he would be here now.
33835	We do. I want to check and see. On Monday, the 22nd, we're scheduled at 2:30. Is it possible to switch to a Tuesday, or does that interfere with work? The 22nd do you have a Friday that week or the week before? I do. Either one Friday the 19th or Friday the 26th. I guess I'll do the 19th so it's spread out.
33859	You were sad. I slept You are sad. Yeah, yeah. I slept more and his mom had brought me like six chocolate bars for Christmas and I ate chocolate and wallowed which is not the best. Well, for a short time it's pretty appropriate. I guess.
33866	I'm actually — it never even crossed my mind that you would have been the person, so I never even thought about that. I just thought more the large or abstract. You know, it's one of those "if I knew then what I know now." I see. But I didn't really, you know, spend too much time on that. It just popped in my head a few times. I'm wondering when I'm going to get extremely sick because, I mean, I did have that morning of diarrhea,
33902	I wonder if you also feel that way here, at times, with me about the things that you bring up. You then have to deal with them it feels like largely on your own. I’m not saying it’s the same as—with your mother, but I wonder if there’s an aspect to it that can feel similar. Mm-hmm.
33956	I mean, there's this thing called the Internet where people, you know. I mean, you could look up in 15 minutes sort of a detailed instruction, if you want, about what to do, I'm sure. Or figure out where to buy the paint or, you know, you could probably watch a video on YouTube showing you exactly what to do. And you don't need me to tell you this. Like, you've used Google and YouTube before. And part of you is like,
33989	That I’m not sure…my other set of thoughts which I’m sure are related somehow, is what you were saying earlier about thinking about in general, perhaps, my pregnancy, bringing even more to the forefront about wanting family or not wanting family, or not even knowing if it’s possible with Tanya. And clearly that’s…thinking about that.
33990	if I'm kind of not feeling good and I pay to much attention to my body, that I must get a little depressed and It's about doing some experimentation and finding a class or a studio that's the right fit. You might want to go and try some out first before you have him come to make sure it's not going to be a class that has a sort of competitive nature/atmosphere to it, to make sure it's not one that's not too active. Accepting the idea of going to a meditation center is going to
34032	Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. I don’t know. I suggested that. I don’t know. I don’t know. I have a plan, trying to get him healthcare so he can—if he needs prescription and, I don’t know, he can get some. I don’t know. We’ll see. I don’t know. Other than that, I don’t know. I probably just like having someone there. I don’t know.
34033	Right. I didn’t sign up for babysitting duty, I came over to watch a movie. Right. So I read the kid a story, and then she didn’t like the way I read the story, so I had to read it again, using funny voices for the funny characters. I was just like Jesus Christ. Yeah. And I feel bad criticizing their parenting, because, you know, I don’t have kids myself,
34074	I’m 36 and I was about twelve or thirteen when things started for sure. I started to really avoid anything that had contact with others. I always was worried about being attacked or mugged by some criminal. I have always been a clean and neat person from childhood. Is there anyone in your family who had these same tendencies that you can recall?
34130	of course, I would be hurt by those things. I don't think she thought about it very much. She said she hadn't really thought about her coming close to killing herself hurting me, she was mostly just happy with herself for not having killed herself. All right, that's pretty okay; but it is also missing the effects on me and on everyone else in both of our families.
34131	And it seems like for both of you, you don't really feel like... Neither one of you feels like you need to change what you're doing. Yeah. You feel like your anger is appropriate and your expectations of him are appropriate. And it sounds like for the most part he feels like what he's doing is appropriate as well. Yeah. So there's no way to fix it then. Right? Well you can't, you can't fix him and you can't fix a pattern. But... You can't change a pattern by yourself. You can only change your response to it.
34137	And I wonder if, you know, more would be the answer for him. Actually, that could be worse even if it looks like a great job or more money or more whatever. Ah. So I find myself thinking that and I kind of don't like myself for that because I'm thinking, "But wait a minute. This is not at all what we thought would be the case." Mm. So I worry about that too.
34151	You did a good bunch. It was quite a smorgasbord there. All right, so I should be I just want to say it out loud and then dispute it. Yes, very good. Yes. So I should be I should be better. I shouldn't be feeling this way anymore. The dispute. OK. This is where
34173	But I can't, I cant. That is like the bare, him doing the work thing, that is the bare thing I need to happen from him right now. Okay but that's not your responsibility. What are you afraid of? I need to be able to get groceries! I need to be able to pay the bills. So you don't believe he'll get to work if you don't get his schedule? I don't know, I mean we had to have a pretty big fight before he would call for it for his very first week, like something is really seriously wrong when someone doesn't care if they have their work schedule or not.
34200	He's pretty good about it. I couldn't get started. I was wanting to hurt myself and was doing really bad. I kind of sat there and thought, "Well, my therapist would probably say that this was something about feeling this way sucks; but it's familiar so it kind of comfort for me." I don't know about that. I thought, "Well . . . "
34218	the police on the block knocked on the door and went down and it was actually very moving because when I opened the door, suddenly they became very human. They were like, "Hey, we're just doing a check door to door. We just want to see how everyone is doing. Are you guys doing okay?" That was very moving, actually.
34252	but that would be more steps because in the archive, in order to work there you have to be a R.I. resident. I'm not making another move to R.I.. That's just not happening. I don't think I've ever seen a position at the archive that didn't have that residency requirement. It's really frustrating because I see jobs from them and I'm like, "That's a cool job. Oh, wait. Residency requirement." You have to live in R.I. proper? Yes. You have to live in R.I. proper. That's limiting and frustrating.
34305	And those are the moments where I feel like there is underlying depression and it's not always - Yeah. directly a result of something that happens. Yeah. You're saying the day can be going well, even between you and Ivan? Yeah. Maybe, on any given day and you can still feel, you said specifically, down on yourself. Right. Not just low mood but specifically self-critical.
34353	Well, then you identify the emotion that is unhealthy and that you want to change... The emotion right. And then and then the disputing then the next part is just disputing. After you've identified your irrational beliefs. Yeah, after the beliefs.
34380	It's not working right now that's very true, but what it does do is it makes you feel a little bit like, a little bit less like it will never, ever, ever, ever work. When you say it's not working that could go on you could assume in there it's not working, it's never going to work. It's not working forever.
34413	my favorite Old Testament scholar gave a lecture on Saturday and the line I really liked was, “Up until about the mid-20th century, scholarship was all about objectivity and that was the gold standard of objectivity. And then we eventually just realized that objectivity was just white male experience.” That was nice.
34417	I guess I’m wondering what might have happened to start all this off for you, have you any thoughts yourself what’s brought this on?  Well, well God. Yeah. - God, yeah, yeah. Ok. And he just came to me one day... Right....one day he just came to me you know... Ok. ...and I started noticing connections with numbers and things. I wonder... It’s, it’s, it’s all there you’ve just got to find it.
34461	I don't particularly care if we're always going to be late if we're not also trying to get there on time. So it's sort of like a... I don't know. The utter failure to match one's own expectations is the particularly frustrating part of it for me. Anyway, so I just... the expectation that we'd be an hour late and that it was... so I can deal with that. But that's... that goes to our talking about changing expectations in the face of not being able to trust that something will happen.
34506	So and, also, I really don't know what to say. I don't know how to dispute that one, and I don't know why I don't know how to dispute it. Which one? The last one, about the phone call. I feel like the doctor one was easy that was easier to dispute. The one about me feeling like I shouldn't be feeling like this that was easier. But this one with the phone call was really hard,
34535	There is this trend among a certain type of techy people. The medical industrial complex is bullshit and doesn't know anything and you can't trust doctors or medical professionals. The only thing you can trust is yourself because no one knows your body as well as you do.
34566	Okay, thanks. Yeah, I'm not sure offhand, I'll think about it. Okay. And I'll be in touch. Thanks. I'll see you next week then. Okay, you take care. Thanks.
34585	Or I didn't know I had another option; I really didn't. But now? I do. But now you do. Yes. So it is the "shoulds", that is what causes the depression, not all the other stuff. The "shoulds" and the lack of unconditional acceptance, and the awfulizing, and the catastrophizing contribute significantly.
34625	And then do you usually get up at two or three or do you eventually conk out or...? I eventually conk out. And then do you sleep through until sometime in the morning? No. I usually wake up two or three times a night. And then you get up at...? Depending on how much sleep I've gotten and how much willpower I have, between seven and eight.
34634	Yeah, "cool" is fine. I've really been a goody-two shoes. This is ridiculous. I don't like this. Good. I think it is quite healthy not to like what is not helpful. It is a little ridiculous. Good! I'm glad you're saying it that way. No, I'm listening to myself. What why have I thought like this?
34645	but that was it, and it didn't really bother me at all, because I was just busy and I knew that I had X, Y, Z, things I needed to get done before I got out of the office. So, I do like it better when I have a structured environment, with lots of things going on for me to focus on, that aren't my anxiety. I think that's why I don't like really being by myself all that much. That's when you find yourself worrying the most.
34655	I was just I had the ability to fly. It was weird but so it's like Google Maps. Do you do that sometimes? I just sometimes just plop myself down on some corner of the street. And that images view where you can actually see the street level view. And then you just go from one point to one point. And then you're able to see the whole street like that. So it was like that.
34727	It’s hard to make decisions across emotional states. I always wonder whether everyone is like this, like the whole landscape changes on your having a bad day or when you’re having a good day. I imagine, if I think about it, most things are a spectrum and blah, blah, blah. I don’t know. I think that’s a little more for you, not then for everybody, but more than for most people.
34736	I think they only have like three new members. But still, a little bit weird suggesting it when I haven’t actually rejoined the group yet. Because like the following weekend I won’t actually be able to come to rehearsal, so I’m like do I want to start when I can’t make all the rehearsals yet, which is silly in a way because, actually, like the…like even if I’m only going to have rehearsals for now, that’s still more rehearsals than if I wait to get back. That’s true.
34744	Just like the front shield. You know, it kind of goes up a little bit and then there's the back part, you know, just kind of a little it has to be built up a little bit. I see. So you have like a car with no front, back windshields and you kind of need to put those on there? Right. A lot of the cars are race cars where you go down and, you know, where this is you're building it up.
34804	I tentatively scheduled August 30th, which I can cancel up to six days before. I'll know then whether or not I can move in a little early because my new housemate mentioned that as a possibility, but he's not sure. If not I haven't asked Lee and I tried to call him, but he's not answering whether or not I could stay an extra day to see if I could get a September 2nd move and if they were open then.
34829	Yeah. Yeah, and my thought was that’s completely the size of me. But, it’s this weird thing, like I know why she would think that I’m awesome; like I can see how I look to other people, you know, at least to other people who think I’m awesome. I can see that, but like that doesn’t matter.
34855	I don’t know whether I’m like angry about this, or just scared, or I just don’t feel good about having like, you know, I don’t feel good about having my family like know these things about me. And I don’t feel good that I wasn’t the one who got to tell them that, or got to decide whether they know that. I don’t feel good that I –
34867	I feel like it’s equally possible that, you know, I could go home and watch some TV, and joke around with James, and have a nice night. And that I go home and decide that I’m done. I can’t tell, and – yeah. Clearly, I usually end up the former, but – Actually, the truth is, it’s always ended up the former.
34923	I... I’m not at all surprised to hear you say that, but... It’s sort of like... we’ve been doing this for a long time, and it’s not like we haven’t talked about what we’re doing, but you’re also providing in some ways more details here than you have at other times, or it makes more sense in these
34926	And that's ideal. That's not going to happen. So within that what are the possibilities for you?
34928	That, well theoretically, this anxiety isn't actually worth killing myself over and that it will go away eventually. It just doesn't feel like it will go away eventually because here I am, you know, doing my best to be productive and trying to do all the responsible things and not getting anywhere with it like it's just so frustrating.
34934	We were talking at the end about what constitutes a good reason or a bad reason for making relationship decisions. I thought maybe we could take that up again. I’d be happy to do so. Thanks.
35001	I ended up going to my parents place first because I didn’t know that I would be able to make it all the way back to Sydney, you know, New Haven. And so I ended up calling Dr. Barnes. Decided like, she called me back and so he put me back on the Seroquel. That’s unusual for you to panic at work. I know. That’s when I realized it was like, it wasn’t just the apartment or something because I don’t normally panic at work. Yeah, that’s different.
35035	That's just what came to my mind. Is it the same feeling as your father wanting to put his arm around you? I think so. I get this image of you just wanting to push something away. Yeah. What did it feel like when she started telling you? It was like I couldn't even believe that anybody could have those going on inside their mind, with their feelings. It was scary. Did you feel scared for her or scared for you? Not really scared. More like how can anybody live like
35048	On another level it becomes another logistical challenge which is, I guess, how I'm talking about it, even though it's also a lot of other things. There are so many other logistical challenges that I've been handling over the last number of months. I just don't have the energy for some of them, also.
35071	"Okay. Can we set a time to talk?" "I don't want to schedule it." "Well, when can we talk?" "You asked me on the spur of the moment. I haven't had time to put my thoughts together." "I can ask you now and I'm going to come back in an hour. Can you put your thoughts together by then?" And
35108	part's now perhaps my favorite section of the dissertation, both because I fixed it and because it's soMy advisor Kevin really likes chemistry that changes the way he thinks about the world in some way. And so the answer to that puzzle, which he'd had in front of him for five or six years now, is relatively simple. But it requires considering an element that normally we don't consider-or a piece that we normally don't consider. And so there's a sense in which that has changed the way he thinks about the electron structure of these compounds, and that's
35109	draw the windshield wipers I don't know. I'm horrible at this stuff so, like, I'm thinking of the easiest way to do it because that's about what I would be up to. If only Ian was a girl. Well, we'll find out. I think the main thing
35152	I'm crazy? No, maybe not that. That's interesting. No. I mean, I'm sure you've heard crazier dreams in your profession. But no, I mean, I need through his guidance, yea. That's what comes to mind? Yea. Needing? Yea. And for the first time maybe letting him be letting him take care of me, letting him lead me. I don't know what I feel about that because I thought I would want to do it myself. Take care of stuff myself.
35173	Maybe it still could be the stress. Now we're finally staying over at my place more so that . . . Oh, you are? Yes. Susan got mad at Sydney for having me over so much. I sent him and e-mail and he kept on telling me it was okay, so I got really mad at him for that, that he would let it get that far; therefore it was an incentive for him to have us actually spend more time at my place.
35203	It’s covered in black cat hair. And yeah. The other thing which is not related to me being angry at a sci-fi con is, I managed to, I don’t even know, not notice that the new semester had started for school. Yeah. And it started last week, so that’s not too bad, but never actually done that. I’ve gotten close, but ...
35207	That would sort of – that they would react to in their own way, or from their own frame of reference without taking yours into account, in a way that would be very hurtful to you. Yeah. I mean I don’t think this is like what you’re describing with James’ mom, your mom and James are all sort of different types of examples of that I think that it might seem clear like that. Mm-mm.
35239	Okay. So I guess I could do any other time in that first week of January. I can't do next week. Mm hm. Well, I think we're getting back Monday or Tuesday. I have time on Thursday, the 2nd. That would be great. Let's see. I have a-I could do 12:45. That's fine. You want to do that? Sure. So-let's see, so not next week, and then the following week rather than the 1st I'll see you on the 2nd at 12:45.
35258	Then I get to do all my errand stuff that I need to get done. We were there last week Wednesday night, Thursday, Friday during the day, and then one day at his place. We were going to come back on Saturday night but that didn't happen and neither did Sunday, but I think what we'll do is spend Thursday night, Saturday night and Sunday night over at my place on a regular basis.
35268	So it sounds like a lot of your stress is coming from this question of when is there going to be dinner? Where is there going to be dinner? It's not always a problem. I guess it happened a bunch of times in the last couple of weeks. But you don't know when it's going to be a problem, which is what's stressing you out. You're imagining that it could be a problem because it has been a problem. You don't know when because it's kind of dependent on where his roommates are, which you don't have control over. No,
35281	Mm-mm. So that you cannot become like disturbed, and overwhelmed, and unhappy in a way that you can’t control by seeing her. Obviously the parallel is with, you know, her doing the same thing to you with the kid. Like in that instance, you’re me, she’s you, and the kid is the kid. Yeah. And
35286	Something more emotional. Yeah. So she says it could be, "I need you to meet me every day at five o'clock after work at home." Mm hm. " and have a glass a wine and talk about my day, and ask about it." Mm hm. Mm hm. She said that could be one partner's request and that that's So she said we should work with and try to come up with something like that. Yeah. Do I have? That's so We have five minutes.
35299	and just sit and watch TV or something. I didn't do any homework. Somehow, I still got As, but I think that's what happens when you go abroad, like it doesn't I don't know. I'm not sure if it was just the structure of my programs, was more about experiential learning, because I still got fine grades, but I didn't do any homework. I didn't study at all, and I would just like eat.
35335	when we did it before class, it made me really uncomfortable. I was really uncomfortable in class. I felt like I couldn't concentrate and couldn't sit still, and I was worried that everybody knew that I was high, and it was like, I was like I can't do that again. So it really stayed, it stayed for me, recreational. But, when you're a college kid going out two to three nights a week, you know? That's still frequent. It's frequent enough, yeah.
35352	that it is beneficial for the person doing it to be a bright, intelligent person? Or do you think that just any old, average Joe off the street could apply these techniques? Well, it depends on the degree of neurosis Average Joe or Madame Intelligentsia has. It makes I'm sorry...
35370	he often will end up eating too much and need time to digest and like, you know, or not feel good and then nothing will ever happen and he'll change his mind and it had been weeks and I was kind of going crazy. Or at least a week at that... It had been like a week and a half or two weeks and it just made me feel like his desire to watch, like listen to those lectures that night at that point was more important than like being intimate with me. Is that a feeling that you've shared with him? Yes it is. And he feels pressure but I'm like it's sort of hard not to like... You know.
35382	That's what you have? Yes as of now I do. Okay. Is either one better? I'll do 9:10 I guess. Okay. And Thursday that works? That's when you don't have...? And I'm out of the office all of next week. Okay. I have you checked off on my list that I told you... No I'm sure I forgot. I'm sorry. You have much bigger things on your mind.
35391	- Right - nothing, you know, I’m not getting any help with it, I just feel a bit like, well, so I haven’t got a bad heart according to the experts, but I’m still getting all the same symptoms and they’re getting worse and worse. So even though the doctor told you there’s nothing to worry about with your heart, do you still worry that there might be something wrong with your heart? I do, I just can’t understand it, what do you think it is, doctor?
35398	Not really. Although the last time I seriously attended Arisia, which is the convention, I was really frustrated by, like I’m signed up to do a lot of paneling about race in science fiction, and kind of wanted to murder half the audience, and had someone, basically heckle me over a t-shirt that I have that said Black Nerds Unite. That’s terrible. Yeah, and... Yeah. Yeah, so ... Those are bad, but different.
35441	Maybe too far out there. Yeah. Kind of stretching him one step from where he is rather than jumping way to far out and then it will feel like it doesn't fit so just going to a gentle flow class might be a good fit with a little bit of meditation thrown in at the end usually.
35449	She got that adjusted and has been less anxious in the intervening time period but this is sort of a I can pick out a signal. It's not clear if there is any meaning to the signal like there are so many things going on in our lives that that's not necessarily, it's not even clear there's a correlation. If there were it would not be sufficient evidence for any more causative role but it seems to me like when one has a mood and metabolism regulating gland, keeping the dosage of replacement hormone
35482	I wanted to leave the convention and run to my apartment Sunday evening. And so first I went to a friend’s house, we were going to have dinner, and someone was going to drop me off at my house. And it didn’t end up happening until a lot later, and they were really exhausted, so I was like, “Okay, I’ll stay the night”.
35485	It's a small I don't know. I want to be like it's there. But I do. I mean, I was feeling I was very, very sad yesterday. I mean, sad enough to cry and not even realize that I'm out in public. But yea, today I wouldn't feel like crying. And I don't know. Maybe I just don't know how to be secure just in myself. I feel like I need a set of legitimate achievements to be able to build on my sense of being on that my sense of self. I mean, if I did nothing at all.
35492	It can help get you hooked up with outpatient treaters for afterwards, stuff like that. Or ongoing groups. And when somebody’s pretty stuck or they’re really having a hard time or have the people around them really quite worried, which it sounds like he does, it could be . . . a way he could really retrench, again. Whereas if he starts with a new outpatient therapist, he’s going but probably once or twice a week. Right. It takes a while to get to know them. Right. And then you start with a prescriber he might see every couple of weeks or so, in the beginning.
35522	Yeah, yeah. I'm only there two days a week, but it could be a full-time job, so there's a lot to get done in the small amount of time that I'm there. But, I guess, so we were back in Chicago, at my parents' house, this weekend, and I finally talked to my dad and my brother a little bit, about what their experiences with their anxiety are, and to my surprise, they both have been seeing people for years now, but nobody ever thought to tell me that I
35537	It's kind of like when she's in an acute crisis I can just deal with that. That's not a problem. But when she's appearing better some of it just makes me angry or it brings out that I am angry or something. She's anxious that she's not going to get a job. She started talking about how she'd sort of been sold this dream that you can go and get a Humanities degree and you'll get a job afterwards.
35571	It's actually a hard job. Right. Yeah. He's never had to manage people. He's never had to be accountable for meeting timelines throughout the day and managing his time. Yeah. It's a lot of responsibilities and tasks. Yeah, and yet I also hear what you're saying, it still feels like it's a kind of holding ground in a way, rather than a sense of being chosen from a sense of self in him.
35592	what they're supposed to take or how much, but you're very careful about that. It's good to have the release so we can communicate if needed, but with you doing good follow up with her it's not as necessary for me to hear her say the exact same thing. Okay, that makes sense. I guess I should call her this afternoon
35612	No but I really don't, I do see that but I feel stuck sometimes. Like even with all the homework, I did it and I know it's going to take practice and I did that mantras and everything, I feel like it takes so much, I'm just being completely honest, I feel like it takes so much effort for me. I don't feel like it comes natural.
35651	He's a cautious kid, though. But after the lesson, there's just the bunny slope which has a tow rope. I don't know if I'm allowed to run alongside him as he's going up this thing to pick him up when he falls, because they'll shut the tow rope off. Yeah, they'll shut it down. But someone's got to pick him up or he ain't getting up. But I've been rushing him out of there where, you know, if he wants to take some more runs.
35652	When she was in eighth grade she went through the confirmation class because, you know, you're the priest's kid and my dad taught it. And then she said, "I'm not getting confirmed. I don't believe it. I'm not doing it." I think my dad was not super happy about that. I think she pretty much has to now. Sorry, I was wandering. Maybe you're a little anxious to be mad and critical? Yeah.
35693	You're making it scary by demanding what? Here we go again. Good that you're noticing this. What are you telling yourself to make is scary? That I can't believe I've been like this for 35 years and never knew. And
35705	Everything I do might have an affect but I just don't know which one is going to have an effect. And you're also giving yourself days off where you're not - I am because - Okay. it's like after spending hours on the computer - it's like I just can't be on the computer any more. Yeah. Do you think it would help you, Ramona, to have something part time that you were doing? And I mean that specifically around, forget even money, let's say you had money. Would it help you to - I have.
35712	Given the type of schooling that she's done. I have a couple of different kinds of thoughts. My first thought was getting back to something that you said early in the session, where you said, "I thought this would be interesting to you." And I was thinking about orientation it is toward another person, in this case me.
35744	When you were in treatment, we were working toward some goals with your cognitive behavioral therapy. We need to revisit these goals. First thought, we need to bring your mom in and have a discussion about the next step to help you get well. I would like to do more tests to check your electrolytes and your blood count. Ok. I do want to be better. I want you to feel better and be healthy. Let’s have your mom come in, ok? Yeah.
35747	So we talked about it this morning, but on the way home, he asked me whether you and I had talked about hospitalization or something. Yeah, I think he knows death’s an option now. Yeah, it didn’t feel to me like we were all that close to death until today. I mean I knew that death, you told me. I know. He’s absolutely right, of course, that like,
35799	Do you feel trapped in any way? Absolutely, yeah. No, but I think we've talked about that some before. I've felt trapped in a lot of ways. And one of the things that I do when I feel trapped is I try to find a way to like get out of it. And so one of the ways that I have gotten out of it is by finishing my dissertation. So I feel less trapped in a... My advisor's still paying me, and I'm still doing like some revisions and writing up papers, but I'm not trapped in that relationship that's in this weird place where I'm half-way across the country, we meet by video conference when
35841	How any times do you wash your hands a day? Probably 60 times. I have contact dermatitis on my hands because they are irritated from the constant washing. Do you find that you need to change your clothing more than once a day. Yes. I change after I come in from work or being out in public. I have separate laundry hampers for my clothes, depending on where I wore them. Work is different than the grocery store.
35858	That’s not quite it, but I don’t know how I can explain it. Sure. had a, I don’t know, but it’s like, it doesn’t feel like you’re trying to put pressure on me, or like it doesn’t feel like you’re asking this of me. It’s more like I don’t know. Maybe it’s a – I don’t know. Forgetting for a minute where it’s coming from, is that the pressure that you’re feeling? Yeah.
35866	Mm-hmm. So, but like cocaine really freaked me out, you know? It was like that's like I had always thought marijuana is with alcohol and then there's the rest of the drugs over here and I'm never going to touch them. Yeah, but I tried it and nothing happened,
35876	The way I think about it is what's the goal of the reward? The goal is not for you to go on a trip. The goal is to get you doing more things that benefit you and applying for jobs benefits you because it's the only way you're going to get a job. You're not going to get a job unless you apply. We know that no one application guarantees you a job also because we don't know the outcome of any of them. But if you're not applying, you're not getting a job.
35881	Yeah definitely, yeah definitely, all of those actually. Ok. What often happens with people with panic is that the first time that happens, the first adrenaline release occurs out of the blue, and perhaps at times of stress,
35954	but I can’t get worried about that. I don’t know. Even with knowing so many people, it hasn’t really kept me from being really lonely here. It’s this weird thing. One day I’ll be talking to James about it or thinking about it and be like, “Yeah. Yeah, let’s go somewhere else. Let’s find a new place and see what the options are.
35972	If he could just give me hugs instead of telling me things like it's going to be better. I've told him before, "If you tell me it's going to be okay I'm going to argue against you because you're saying something without proof. Can you stop saying that?"
35991	That sounds very, very scary. Yeah. I mean that day, still, and this was six years ago, and that day, like I can feel the way that I felt and it's horrible, it was terrifying. And at this point, I won't even like I don't like getting drunk, you know?
36004	I was just kind of like, “I want to tell you, film exists, and it has for awhile”. And it’s interesting that they, students try to turn them into videos, except they didn’t do it very well, so that was kind of weird. And then she had a whole about updating Wikipedia, because Wikipedia doesn’t have a lot of information about Africa, African culture, African diaspora type stuff.
36032	I wasn't feeling lethargic. I was just feeling sad and anxious. Maybe it was sadness and not anxiety. It's really hard for me to be clear on that on. Even though it was a day ago, I should remember it really well. When you're not feeling it, it's hard to recall what you were feeling.
36036	and one color is one that I have to use really soon and I haven't been able to find it. It's the second sock so I want it to match the first one and I've been looking around his room. I know it's in there somewhere. I'm 99% sure that it's there, but he needs to clean up. I've been cleaning up some of his stuff, but he also needs to clean in order for me to find that. He's like, "Oh, It will be okay." I'm like, "It will only be okay if you clean it, not if you sit around just saying that it will be okay."
36062	like I’ve talked about with you, or that I’ve talked about with somebody else; he’s like, “Maybe this is what’s going on.” And he’ll just get stuck on that. And then I won’t be able to say like, “No, but there’s like that’s sort of a simple certain way of thinking about it.”
36070	And I like, I would have skipped, like, I would have rather skipped going over there for dinner. Even though I did end up having a great opportunity to hang out with my friend Wanda for a couple of hours, and blah blah blah. Really annoying. Yeah, the hoarder house part just always makes me like, “agggh!” Well, you had just been overcrowded all weekend, I think.
36096	And it’s not like I’m lying. I believe it, but it’s just like, at that moment, I’m only thinking about the part of my life that is right here, right now, which is that I’m having an interesting conversation or I’m doing okay. Sometimes I feel like it helps me survive, like it helps me get through those really bad times. It’s weird. I feel like it’s impossible for me to be honest, in some ways.
36098	And like I’ve tried suggesting to Yvonne that we hang out on nights when she doesn’t have the kid, but on nights when she doesn’t have the kid, she’s usually like going to lectures, or like going to events that she’s going to be reporting on, or in the office late working. So she doesn’t want to hang out on nights that she doesn’t have Madison. And I’ve tried suggesting, well just hire a babysitter; I’ll pay for the babysitter,
36118	because now in retrospect... I'll tell you about that day in a second. In retrospect, I had an allergic reaction, so when I was 19 and having my first round of GI issues, they wanted to do an upper GI series and so I like swallowed the chalky stuff. Then, they were going to give me this IV, to make it light up in the CT scan machine or something,
36127	Except that then if I'm at his place I'll feel uncomfortable eating in the kitchen by myself because I don't live there and that feels weird, too. People are around. That doesn't really work. I guess I'd have to decide which is worse, eating in the kitchen when there are people around when I don't live there or Sydney isn't there and it feels like it's less valid for me to just be there by myself. Or spending more time in your place. Or spending more time in my place. You're not spending time in your place because it's less comfortable. There's never anything to eat at my place.
36157	I think when I say "of course" and "no wonder", it's in part just trying to say to the part of you that gets really anxious about where you are today that it would be weird if you weren't here today, given your history.
36158	The break depends on the year. I was hoping we were somehow going to avoid Ian playing hockey. It's just very expensive. You've got to buy him equipment every year. They can get used equipment, but there weren't any used helmets. He had to buy a new helmet. Jess bought it, so I don't care as much. At some point, it gets expensive. It should be entertaining,
36162	She does not allow herself to express the anger, because any expression of anger is bad, because... I don’t know. I don’t follow the logic of it, it’s a particular emotional or traumatic logic, but... It’s not okay to express the anger, and so...
36166	It’s like the only computer game I remember playing ever. We never had computer games when I was little; we just didn’t have any consoles, and never got any other. So, it was like a brief period of time where Golden Eye was like the game. It was a long time ago, but there was a time.
36169	There’s a sense in which all of it is okay. It’s hard to deal with it and it makes me less efficient, the work that I’m doing. I’m like I just need to get through it and it will be done. It’s okay. Did you finish the paper? I can get things done. I will get the application done. Probably today or tomorrow I’ll be sending them out.
36188	I did a little bit but I went to my friend, my close friend who lives in the building I live in, I went to her Halloween party and was there seeing a lot of friends that I hadn't seen in a while and I think I sort of had to put on a happy face I didn't have to, but I chose to put on like a happy face and make it seem like I was feeling, I mean they saw clearly that I wasn't feeling well but I didn't have
36211	Yeah. It certainly wasn't relevant at that moment. Okay, let me be very clear when I'm going to say, "I am not blaming you." I'm waiving my arms saying that I'm not blaming you; but I think it can be hard sometimes but I'm glad you're doing it now for you to say how awful or dire things are and what all is contributing to that. I think there are
36214	Yeah. But I need to finish up my job, and by the time I finish, hopefully, the winter won’t be as bad anymore. I want to be able to go on walks and stuff. Yeah, I don’t really foresee myself having time to do it for the next few days. What do the next few days look like? Well, tomorrow I have work. And you’re going to go? And I’m going to go to work and get as much done as I can to try to finish this up early.
36269	Yeah. And of looking for jobs, he's very supportive. I guess he's always wanting to talk about and be involved with jobs and academics. And that's important at this point in my life. Yeah. And Ivan is not up to talking about those topics right now. Hm. And I guess it's also more of a It's a bigger thing because those are topics that I associate with adulthood or being, you know, mature and responsible. Mm
36325	And we were able together to put things in perspective. You were able to laugh, you were able to make a practical plan and at least clarify that the practical plan you considered already was efficient, reminding yourself that tomorrow, Tuesday you are going to a doctor, a REAL doctor, so you're going to speak to someone who has a medical degree... And we'll see what happens from there. Okay.
36336	And so by processing the facts, you can also be processing the feelings. Because that thought of “things aren’t ruined” has a feeling associated to it, much more pleasant than the fact “things are ruined.” Sure, sure.
36357	The horrifying part, the first thing I thought because it sounded like so much noise, it didn't sound like two or three people, I was horrified that they'd come to Cheshire and there was some kind of group, do you know what I mean? And that there were suddenly 30 insane people waiting fully armed for I don't know what. That was horrifying. Horrifying. Because you don't know what's happening at that point at all. No idea. No idea.
36394	It's like that, like I just felt awesome while I was on it, like I just wanted to go dance. And that's what we did, we would do cocaine and then go dance, and it just made me feel like I was on top of the world. So I remember really missing that feeling and for a couple of years, really missed
36448	I don’t know if it’s true, but it was... I found it interesting. So, you know, I’ve learned a whole lot in the last several years and it... it gets hard to sort out individual facts. I find when I’m learning a whole lot all at once like,
36511	I think so. More just severe anxiety, which I don't get that often. I know this is kind of an odd type question, but what do you think is in there? Feelings. They're stuffed away. It's disconcerting to me that I could, you know, maybe I'm saying that it wasn't gradual then. That I just kind of, I just turn it off. Well, gradual or not, you know this about yourself.
36538	If I say “actually, I’m not doing so well,” that is true with regards to the macro state, but it doesn’t actually reflect what’s going on in that moment. If I say “I’m doing great” then that reflects what’s going on in the moment, but it’s a very small moment compared to what’s really happening. people stop believing what I say.
36539	So, on the depression you can use the instance of your girlfriend and anything and everything else. I'm sure the week will bring you opportunities. And, again, I'm just underlying the primary goal of your homework in this coming week is greater thoroughness... Greater...
36610	thing too. I mean we’re exactly the same.” And I just don’t want to have that conversation with her, and tell her why I was in the hospital in the first place. You know, I’m glad that James told her I was in the hospital, because I feel like she had a right to know, but I don’t feel like she has a right to know all of that. You know, I imagine you sort of like you was afraid what this was going to seem like to her. Yeah.
36637	Yes, I don’t know how to make that decision with what you think you know. So half this why would anyone want this, you know, that all hinges on the meaning of want or the variety of different maybe hinges on this; I don’t know. Yes, so in other contexts I have something like three responses to uncertainty. One is to formulate
36643	But Jess needed her mom to come in, and so she was going to come in but she was going to do it with Ian. So she went in, and her dad ended up picking up Ian . I see. So it all worked out. Just the whole thing, there was no anxiety, no stress, you know. Right. I don't know. Well, good. I have tickets to a rock concert Sunday night — when the AFC championship.
36687	I’m in this pit. Or but I don’t – and so it doesn’t occur to me that like people don’t necessarily understand what that means, because when I talk about it, I’m just sort of talking about it like this. I don’t I don’t know. You know, I started crying when Mark was there, and at the end of the visit, he was like, “Yeah, I’ve never seen you cry before.”
36698	Well if you want him to hear your message it sounds like you need to be more in control of the tone of your voice and whether that's being able to take a deep breath and speak calmly even when you don't feel that way or let him know that you're too angry to talk right now and delay the conversation until some of that anger and disappointment has subsided. If you want him to hear the words that you're actually saying it sounds like you do need to change your tone.
36702	...In identifying the Bs you came up with that and the Ds and the Es, which, for a few weeks, you have said you're really not comfortable with. Mm-hmm. Make sense? Yeah. Will you do that? It makes imperfect sense. No, I'm kidding. Ha-ha-ha. All right. Any final comments, thoughts, or questions before we finish for tonight?
36717	It just is a-it's a hard thing. So. You know, I might say something like I don't want to live that way for the rest of my life. But I also recognize that I do have a tendency to despair about some situations, and so I'm trying to find the realistic balance between this Bless you. -between those things. Mm hm. So that was sort of the end of that set of thoughts. Right, you felt despairing in that way. Yeah. Yeah
36723	It's kind of a practical issue that can be dealt with. The other is that I think this is... I think it helps explain why I have been I'm not quite sure how to phrase it, but less than perfectly pleased by her wanting to take on some of her responsibilities again. There's this element of not trusting that that's a good idea in the sense that she'll overburden herself. But I think this is also like a, I don't know, a sense of assuming responsibilities when it's convenient as opposed to always or something.
36728	I realize that the sideline of that is that I'm not actually hurting myself and doesn't that count for something? So he doesn't really want to fight against it and you don't really want him to? Yeah, but he still does it anyway. Is there something else that you could give him to say to you that would maybe be less taxing for him and more satisfying for you? I don't know. I'm not sure what he could say.
36734	It's hard. There are some real ways in which she has abandoned me. She's threatened to kill herself several times not in the like "I'm going to kill myself if you don't do this" sort of way, but in a de facto sense coming close to a suicide attempt is a threat to kill herself. I think we were outside of the crisis. I have injured emotions. I think that's the primary source of what's been going on, but I don't . . .
36743	Yeah, that's true. And I think having a little bit of structure, having a place to be, even if it's... Volunteering is a wonderful thing to do. Yeah. Just don't want to volunteer forever... No. ...because that would drive me insane. No. You don't want to only volunteer forever. Like I could volunteer on top of a job depending on what that job is. But...
36745	that there is some sense in which her degrees do not lead to jobs. That's not why she was doing them; but now she can't get a job and that's a problem. I could recognize while it was happening that she was really just upset and looking for an outlet for being upset,
36746	No. I don't know why he's not as affected by me. I mean I've also just been just frustrated this whole week that my friend leaving and him being in the hospital, even in a happy mood, I mean it's just like I can't keep myself together. I don't know, I don't know what it is. It just frustrates me constantly. Like, giving this talk and having my lab really support it, who I gave the talk to and you know I even had somebody come in and ask me if I wanted to before and was just really, really supportive and I was just like jazzed,
36755	but that’s not what it looks like. You know, if they were there sort of going through the ritual, and trying to fit the limits, and you know whatever timeouts, or something, and all of that, and the kid was still going nuts, that’s one thing. If the kid was autistic, and they like had some elaborate structure that the kid just could not fit into, but they were trying, you know,
36786	When my parents divorced I wanted to die and later when they both remarried. I have talked to my counselor about that too - the suicide stuff. Do you or have you ever had a suicide plan? I used to when I was a teenager. I would take a bunch of pills or just get into my mom’s car and turn it on and go to sleep in the closed-up garage. That was when I was in junior high and high school.
36848	You’re a potter and own a business with your sister? Yeah. Not full time. Just part time. Ok. Audry the odd is what they call me. ) Audry the odd? Yeah. Who calls you that? My sister Livie. I showed her this and she told me to go get help and that I was bonkers... She said you were bonkers? - In fact she didn’t say go away she told me to get the fuck away from her.
36894	When you were here last, you agreed to keep working with your nutritionist and being open with your mom and me. We need to work together to help you get well. There are irregular rhythms in your heart. And I noticed the downy hair on your back and arms. I will work with all of you. I know. I don’t want to be like this. I need to run though. It helps me.
36897	Probably, yeah. The doctor said it's one of the biggest hearts he's seen. He said he probably has a genetically large heart. He's an athlete which makes your heart really thick, so there was extra stuff to stretch out or something. All kinds of unlucky things. So, and then they put him on he got really badly, not really badly burned, but they gave him a lot of electricity this time and he got a really bad burn and it kept him up a couple of nights like he couldn't sleep because he has a giant burn on his back.
36925	Yeah, I think so. If that was a panic attack, then I'm pretty sure that that was the first time. It's unclear if it was chemical induced or not. Yeah, and I think that's why. But maybe... You know, I think that's where a lot
36926	Or... yeah, I guess that's one way of putting it. But, when you were talking just a moment ago and in terms of control and responsibility, I was thinking that I... it sounded like, to me, one of the conflicts that you're experiencing is being married to someone who you worry has a sort of fundamentally different personal and moral ethic than you, which is not about the ECT... No, that's right. It's not even about her illness.
36943	Oh. But he was so into the car, and they also made these bracelets out of parachuting cord That's cool. that he. He didn't care? The badge was the farthest thing from his mind. His leader is a bit. I would not leave him alone with his leader. Oh really? Yeah. Eww. Does this leader have a kid in the troop? Mmmm-hmmm. But he can't.
36952	want or something. So. So I guess I also want to express some uncertainty at how I don’t know; it’s not for me to know like what you do and don’t want to share. That’s a part of exploring or growing or developing the relationship that we have, whatever exactly it is.
36992	Hi, I’m one of the psychiatrists who work here in the Department of Psychological Medicine and you are? Taylor. I have spoken with your physician, Dr. White, and have read his reports and know some of the things about why you are here today. However, I would like to hear from you why you have come to see me today. I am having trouble sleeping.
37013	Yeah. They only had to advertise it. You know what I mean? Yeah. So it sounds like you really need to work hard to adjust your expectations about the time frame. And think more about applying for your job as your job. What do you mean? Meaning - Oh, that you - that you set specific times. If it becomes this thing,
37017	That is a symptom of being traumatized. That's what hyper-vigilance is. It takes many different forms. The expectation that something really bad is going to happen and just waiting for it. It's in some ways an adaptive way of being if you're used to really bad things that keep happening to you. If you're at least prepared for them, that's what it's meant for in a way.
37025	Okay. It was just so funny. So back to Friday night. So you made yourself hysterical by taking too seriously what your friend and we agreed on Friday night that you friend has drama queen tendencies, and a doctor he is not! and despite that, you took his words seriously and you built them out of all proportion in your mind and catastrophized
37034	"That sounds really intentional." I don't know but he's doing things like "I will walk to my 4:30 a.m. shift at Starbucks." And I'm like "Why would you do that? Like that doesn't even make sense. Take the car, that's so silly, it's like a ten minute drive, why would you even?" He did the oh no, woe is me, pity party, so upset about it and of course I kept saying "No, of course not."
37073	If there are not going to be parents who are going to help on either side. Will your parents? My mom is apparently still not talking to me from two weeks ago when I asked about Easter so I'm not...sometimes she can be really helpful and other times her own, like she's really not. Not a good situation and my dad doesn't do any type of emotional discussion.
37083	I don't know if his helmet doesn't fit him or he's just sensitive, you know. So to make him stop crying, I told him to hit me in the head. He's not very strong. It's like "harder, harder, harder." He started working on his Derby car. Yep. Oh God. Pain in the ass. Well at least, you know, every year I'll be a little better.
37099	So maybe reaching out to Philip and Aimee about getting together for dinner and acknowledging your birthday. That works on one piece. And talking to the music people about whether it would make sense to start now and sort of piece meal a way because of these other commitments and seeing if you can reconnect with that group and enjoy getting back in touch with that part of yourself. I guess I can do that. It’s scary. What are you afraid of?
37132	was unhealthy, because well, I mean it was unhealthy because I was very overweight. But I remember, I would sit down and watch TV but it wasn't to watch TV, it was to eat. I would turn the TV on, but then as soon as the food was done, like I was done watching TV. I still have that habit now, like when I eat lunch...
37143	Actually I know a lot of people who call at the last minute, get their schedule and function just fine. After a month of not having a job? Yes. I'm not saying that's ideal I'm totally with you on the way you're doing it is more appropriate but this is the kind of thing you...we need to help you, even for one month, not do. Your taking on being his mother.
37177	And you got sick a little bit; you got tired just letting your body decompress. And then as you're decompressing you're aware that there's just a lot of other stuff there feelings about relationships. We were talking about Kelly and Bethany. Going back and forth and just feeling really confused
37187	to this extent. I just want to think about the fact that you care and love me despite this and that it's not defining who I am or defining who we are, it's just a part of what's going on right now but that it doesn't have to be so hum drum," but then I feel badly because I know she's being put out,
37243	Really, I have had nightmares for years, throughout my childhood and now I am 28 and still having them. I never like sleep and try to avoid it and need only about five hours a night. The anxious and irritable feelings have increased more in the last few months, I guess. I noticed my nausea and loss of appetite since the separation from my husband and since moving into my grandparents’ house again.
37295	But, yeah. He's got a lot of energy, you know? If he's just sitting around the house, he just bounces. He doesn't do it when he comes over to my place. He just kind of sits, hangs out and watches TV. He's pretty mellow. We go out to dinner and he's mellow. But when he's home with Jess, he pushes her a lot more than he pushes me. In fact, he really doesn't push me at all. In what ways does he push her?
37311	There are other aspects to making this journey a little bit easier, and I'll get to that when I speak with someone who knows more about a herniated disk. And I haven't even had that opportunity as of yet, so once I do, I'm hopeful that I'll be able to have a little more resolution and not just feel uneducated in terms of what to do next, like next steps. So, therefore, is it awful and terrible that you've not yet found
37362	So you've been assertive with your drama queen friend... ...And you've been assertive with your dad... Yes. And your dad hasn't disowned you yet. No. And I don't know what your friend is going to do, but whatever he My friend? Oh, the friend yeah. Yes, who told you that you were going to be... You didn't call him the "drama queen friend," so I didn't know who you were talking about.
37377	When did your binge how old were you when you started binge eating I don't even remember. I would always like kind of sneak things, because my parents are health freaks, and so we were never allowed to eat all the fun stuff that other kids got. And then I was kind of like a chubby kid, and my parents were like and my brother is like a stick, him and my dad. I take after my mom and he takes after my dad, and he's like six foot tall and?
37387	Yeah. ...and it’s all there and it’s all happening. And tell me this, because I couldn’t get it from your GP’s letter, have you ever had anything like this before in your life? Where you have felt full of energy and lots of bright ideas? No, nah. - It’s not happened before. Nah, but this has been going on for so long that I can’t really remember anything else you know.
37404	Yeah, and I guess that's why I'm so happy that he's, I mean he let this girl in to see what was going on and I don't know what it is about my family that he feels so comforted by And he really does feel comfortable with them. Yeah, it's really nice. So, maybe he's turned a corner, I don't know. He's finding a new way to kind of fit in. Yeah, if he could get a friend If I could get a friend. Another one.
37444	And now with the babies, if you get too close to the babies or look at the babies, she’ll attack you. And she actually moved them, like she had them in the a playpen area that she liked took the kittens out and moved them to like underneath the hope chest that had been like fenced off where they weren’t supposed to be going. But I mean it’s a safe place for now.
37481	It didn't feel comfortable. Did it feel like an invasion of your space or did it - I just didn't feel comfortable with it at all. I'm just feeling something right now. I'm feeling sick. You're feeling sick in your belly? I don't know what it is. I guess it feels good to be feeling something. Are you feeling anything anywhere else except for your belly? Is it a pressure or a pain? I don't feel it now. It was just kind of anxiety. Are there any words to what you're feeling or what are you feeling?
37529	That's how I feel when I'm in that much panic and am trying to rationalize it because I'm just like there is no way to make it better other than to not experience anything anymore and like right now I'm not panicking, but - So what do you think now when you're not panicking what do you think about hurting yourself? I don't want to hurt myself right now because I'm not panicking so I thinking normal but, yeah. So it must be pretty scary for him to listen to.
37531	Well clearly you have a lot of fears and fantasies about what this means. I’m sorry; what is the antecedent?
37632	that he could have if he had had, you know, partners or whatever, if he had joined a practice he could have had normal hours and made a good living - Mm. and still have been this success. So it wasn't like But there was more potential for it. Mm hm. Also, maybe in a way he's not there for you but he is very professionally successful. Maybe with Ivan right now it's feeling like you're not getting either one of those. You haven't
37672	I feel I need to wash them three times every time I touch something that someone else may have touched, such as a door knob,
37693	work under your belt that there's this other life that you have going on that feels like it's yours and you're attending to it, but how could this not be triggering for you of some pretty dramatic feelings Not to mention where you were before this happened in this process. And the funny thing is that I knew
37724	Which is, itself, interesting. I think the fact that you guys are married makes it a little bit less convincing statement, but when people in their 20s get sick they often go home and get treatment where their parents are. It's a logistical dimension that also has a meaning in itself. That's not at all uncommon. You're working on that. Yeah. I agree that, particularly in college, when people get sick they go home fairly often.
37728	Even in, like, I had dinner with some friends in a restaurant pub attached, and of course a whole bunch of people ended up walking by our booth to go to their table. And I don’t know. I guess I kind of missed, everything’s always been kind of... it’s big and kind of overwhelming and kind of noisy, but I really miss not having any sort of,
37750	It seems pretty clear, it's not going to come from my parents, which is fine and Dr. Farrow said "Do not call his dad." I think it's more emotional support, I think it's more I'm having a really, really tough time. His mood swings seem to be...I don't know, more pronounced?
37754	And that's sort of unrelated to the question you just asked, kind of in the same theme. What would make you feel less trapped in your marriage with Tanya? That is a fantastic question. I don't know how to answer it. I mean, I think it's really the right question in some way, but I don't even know how to begin tackling it. My first response is to say, well, why do I feel trapped? Because if I can identify that, then in theory I could alleviate some of those things. And I think we've just talked about that in some sense.
37756	And then I got reminded that the main multimedia site at the doesn’t list me as a member of the department. Yeah. List of multimedia consultants, and, Karl and Chet, and then someone who doesn’t work for the library, and then some other people, I’m just like “What? Okay.” The keynote today was a post-doc of African American studies,
37769	He was like, "You don't have to go through the travel agency. Why don't you just book a ticket on the Internet from Boston to L.A." I was like, "Okay. What time does our flight from L.A. depart?" "I don't know. Why do you want to know that?" We should stop. Sorry. I got going. No, no. It's okay. Go ahead. I hate my parents. That's all. This is another can of worms, but I have three things quickly
37802	affidavits to what the finances were or at least Riley did the guy who jump sized. So she thinks that he should be brought up on perjury charges because he no longer supports the litigation. I don't want to explain to her that, you know, he didn't lie in the affidavit -he just doesn't want to enforce it, you know. They really need to either go into some sort of mediation or hire their own lawyers and sit with each other individually.
37807	So I think that maybe had something to do with it, I felt more comfortable in myself. I don't know if I was always looking for excuses to not be confident, you know? So I was like, I'm not going to do well in school, I'm going to keep overeating. I'm sorry. No, that was just like the definitive
37826	Yeah. It's embarrassing. So my parents gave me a gift certificate for clothing at two different stores for my birthday. Uh huh. Because I needed some clothing. And so those stores are having sales. So I went with Emma. Uh huh. She needed some stuff too. And I kept her waiting. Mm. I was taking longer. Like she was ready to go sooner than I was. So you were in the store, you mean? Right. Trying things on?
37829	don’t really like. I feel like I’ve been putting her in a position of uncertainty for a while and I understand the concerns there. So I finished that paper Sunday, which is a good thing. But this sort of anxiety attached to “Will I ever finish this?” Just get it done already. I’m also in to like in
37870	even like actually do anything to temporarily relieve the pain, it just, my brain thinks it will and but like he isn't even okay with that, so it's not like I'm going to change his mind on anything. Would it be okay with you? Do you think it's okay to hurt yourself? Maybe if it wasn't permanently damaging or even like damaging at all, like just momentarily cause pain like I don't see the big problem with it. You know if it wasn't something that could become dangerous like I'm really liking the things that could do it, but like -
37883	my mom gave me that's in the back of Sydney's car and, I guess, for all the yarns that are sitting around if I could put as many of them as fit into that container there will be that much fewer yarns to pack away later and I think I could continually believe that I wouldn't need any of those for any projects any time in the near future; or just make sure that I take lots that I'm not working with any time soon. Maybe that would make you feel better. That would be one project you could get done reasonably quickly, it sounds like.
37902	else in a way, but that's what's there lurking right now. "Is this going to be terrifying? Will I get hurt if I get close to her?" the way I think you have been in the past in your childhood. Or will I hurt her. Will you hurt her. Right. Are you the terrorist? Are you going to get terrified?
37909	What do you mean when you say it's impossible?I don't think anyone gets what's going on because quite honestly he sits in couple's therapy and says "I can take care of myself, I've got it under control," and then Dr. Farrow turns to me and says "You need to start taking him at his word." No one understands that then we go home and Ivan continues to say he can take care of himself sometimes but he's not taking care of himself.
37922	And I helped Ian build his pinewood car, this car that I had no fucking clue what I'm doing. Went and bought some stickers for it, numbers and flames and skulls and stuff like that, little decals. He has a bunch of paint but I don't think he has the right paint to, I don't know, paint wood. I don't know. They kind of don't give you a whole lot of direction, you know.
37924	maybe angry at your dad for not taking someone's advice for feeling angry at life for being so unjust.
37945	Okay. That seems fair. So either one job and the least scary or least scary and tack on another. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it will probably be a very similar e-mail. Just changing the name. Yeah or well name and where they might be from... Yeah. ...because... Right.
38016	Right. Well a piece of it is managing yourself and sort of figuring out how you could organize yourself to deal with it. Another piece of it what was the word that went through my mind?
38040	He also does psychoanalysis/therapy sort of stuff. He's not just a prescriber; but Dave refuses to go in for therapy to talk about some of this stuff. He won't tell me how he's feeling until he blows up at me and accuses me of not loving him. It's really frustrating. Yep.  You're utterly overwhelmed. Yeah. And at your wits end. Yep. And how suicidal?
38066	they have to stay up all night raging. I see. Yeah, yeah. That's what I, you know, suspect. I've never taken she asked me if I had ever taken stimulants before, and I paused because I used to take ephedrine in college when it was legal. Oh. Wow. Or is it eph-e-drine? Ephedrine.
38067	and that's still where he gets to, still feels like it's not enough for me." Mm hm. And I also worry that I guess I could change my expectations and lower them. Mm. Because I feel like this is terribly critical but I think to myself like, not pushing him to apply to other jobs. I'm even growing to be content with him being a manager at Subway because he's struggling with it still at times. Mm hm.
38082	And I think to me, that was the only interesting part. That’s actually good, because everyone uses Wikipedia for information. Again, there was something they were updating that another editor had been reverting.
38087	But I found that it was well received the experience was vaguely awkward because you don't know anybody but it's fine. So I can fairly well predict what it's going to be like even though I've never been to this particular conference. I guess I'm amused to have you do the same thing that I would do if I were trying to manage the emotion or deal with it or something. It was nice. Although.
38111	And if they don't work, I'm just going to sell the rest of the bottle. I probably could do better than the Klonopin. So it's kind of a win all the way around? Yeah, you know. It's like I just have to wait until Phish comes back to town and walk through the parking lot. Those people would want to go in the other direction. No, because once the show is over — Oh.
38122	Yeah, well I mean really bad injuries like you're paralyzed or something, they have no more friends, their friends are all still in sport and don't want to be around them because it reminds them what could happen to them and so on and so forth. It really was depressing. There was no good ending to any of the stories five or six of them. I couldn't keep reading it. I mean there were several stories of cyclists who have died of heart problems mostly because of drugs and doping when their hearts explode or something. Which is awful.
38125	of like I'm not surprised that that's the kind of feeling I get when like when I get a shot also, like I really hate vaccines, and I had to get so many of them to go to Egypt. Just to apply to the Red Cross, you have to get the whole works, you know?
38141	I couldn’t leave my girls though. Do you notice any symptoms of feeling jumpy and anxious? More so in my grandparents’ house. I had the panic attack and I don’t feel entirely safe in the house. I just figured I was not used to living on my own. I am scared of something happening to my daughters and I will not be able to protect them. I wake up from my nightmares and feel an overwhelming sense that I can’t protect them.
38151	Oh, yeah, that's a lot more. And to think that I'm having a bad day. But there probably is a lot more you could say that doesn't occur to you because, again, you kind of don't want to go there. I'm not suggesting that I think you should go there, but what I'm interested in is that it doesn't even occur to you that there's more to the story such as you always get down and feel like you haven't done a good enough job, which is how you feel when you haven't gotten a job, which is part of why you're feeling so bad.
38179	or kind of nearly empty reassurances from people who are sort of anxious and have a sense of your need and don't know what to do. Hmm. That then confirms your impression that they clearly have no idea what's going on or what to do. Have no idea. I can't say you're wrong. And certainly a lot about the mental health establishment plays right into that too, completely apart from you. Hm. Yeah.
38183	I can hear that, 'oh, no, not again,' and it feels like there's nothing that you can do to direct it or moderate it at all. It didn't last night, like you know I started, like whenever we got home at like you know, maybe like before midnight like I took my nighttime meds which included the Klonopin, like when I got home and then I was still up for like another hour or so
38191	Yeah, I'm usually starving in the morning, but I briefly considered it and I was like, "That's not going to work." That's not going to work for you. If it wasn't such a long commute . . . No, but you need to eat to get through that. Yeah. I need to kind of have caffeine to do it safely. Very important parts. It feels bad that I'm dependent on caffeine. I wouldn't worry about it so much.
38207	Remember that the tightness is not dangerous. That’s the first piece. Right. It’s that it’s uncomfortable. That’s not dangerous. I think remembering that is the first step. And you might not be able to make it go away, but it will go away eventually. You can try taking some deep breaths. Sometimes that helps. I know in the past, sometimes when you try that it feels uncomfortable to focus on the breath. So if, you know, so you give it a try and take some deep breaths, and if that opens up your chest, you know, and just like I just did. I sat back.
38214	Yeah. That's going to be the interesting thing next summer, whether she'll let him go on an overnight in the woods. It's almost not even worth doing it because I'm. Right, because of her anxiety. Got to be wearing a full beekeeping suit. Hazmat suit. Well, I hope the Adderall helps. Yeah, we'll see. Tomorrow I have nothing on the docket, so we'll see what happens. I've got a bunch of titles I need to do.
38217	like for me the biggest frustration, and I was talking to Dr. Bond about it, and she was like “Well”, so I went up to I guess the clinical I guess, the amount she wanted me to take of Celexa a week ago. So she’s like, “Well, you know maybe it’s more time” which, I agree with theoretically. I’m just really not enjoying it. Yeah.
38244	I think I had that conversation at work this past week, which would mean that the depression that I felt on Sunday and Monday was before I got that advice. I didn't ask for the advice until I had that conversation. I don't think it's just that. I think I can handle . . . even though I should maybe be starting now, I feel like if I wait until I'm at least packed up for the move . . . if I wait until after the move it will be less bad because then I can devote two days a week to it or something.
38255	And that confused me for the moment because it sounds like at least some important features of her you feel are still there... Mm-hmm. So, when you said you can't address it because it was in the past, I... No, she doesn't remember it. It is... it was erased from her memory by the ECT, so she... Yeah.
38256	So that tightness is really uncomfortable. Yeah. Like I can sort of put it away like if were doing like something distracting like watching an episode of something or like listening to a podcast. But as soon as like the episode or podcast or whatever ends, it comes back. And it doesn’t go away at work, or it didn’t on that last Tuesday? Well, it wasn’t the tightness; it was like last Tuesday it was shaking.
38276	So I’ve been fairly anxious this week about a few different things. I’ve been working on the same paper for the last couple of months. It’s sort of been my big paper that I want to talk about in job interviews. So I’ve been trying to finish it before I send out applications. But I both need to send out applications because I need to have a job and also because there is sort of like I’m anxious about where we will be. I can understand that. Uncertainty, I
38288	And then like I'll move past it. But it's a very, I don't know why, but those the three words that come into my mind when something like that happens. Mm. And that's become a coping thing for me. Mm hm. And I know that's unhealthy and I want to work on that. Okay. So you can think of an example specifically. You named a couple saying, "It could be this, it could be that." Is there something you remember at all happening since I saw you last?
38290	That she can’t take care of herself in that way? Yes. Then maybe at times going there is okay. But to not be able to not go there at times when there are other things you need to do, you know, or just sort of function in your day, you’ve got to wrap it up and move on. Yes, yes. And when you’re exposed to situations where things like that are coming up or are going to come up
38330	I felt like I think I’m losing the point here. It came to a question where I didn’t like the question to make me think maybe I need to be rethinking, just answering your questions because I think I’m losing something in that. So that’s why I shifted. Not necessarily that I was trying to avoid answering it per se. Are you willing to say anything more about what you mean by you didn’t like the question?
38346	I didn't and didn't recognize, "What have you been doing, Jessa? You went to therapy. You've -You went to school for this. You should know more." So are you willing to accept that, up until this recent point, you haven't known more because, if you had known more, you might have done things differently? Yes. But here we are now. The past is the past.
38368	So you were flying and you were invisible? Or you were just high up? I don't know. It's like the Google Maps thing. You feel it's yea. It was pretty close because of the ground and buildings. I don't know. But then in the with the actor, I was visible. You were visible? Yea. Did you feel free? I guess.
38403	When you say that, what's happening? Is he not getting to work? Like he didn't have a schedule for this week. He didn't and I like "Okay, you need to call this morning and you need to get that." So that's what you need to not do anymore. I can't. Well that's your responsibility though, that's not his responsibility, that's more a symptom.
38419	the biopsy last week, so I'm not supposed to take Advil or Motrin or a blood thinner. I'm just convinced it will make me sick, because that's all that medication has done to me for the last you know what I mean? The Aleve made me sick and
38427	Which Tuesday? This coming Tuesday, the 29th. from today? Yeah. So we're off? I'll know better today but I think I've got a closing that morning. OK, do you want to send me a message later today?
38440	whatever eating issue I had went away, because there were no real options, like I was just going to eat the food that was there because I couldn't really be picky. But I wasn't getting sick, so I was like healthy again, I was still getting exercise. So I had just gotten back, maybe a month, a month and a half, and my good friend, who I had this huge crush on, who was volunteering with me, was in
38446	I noticed after I moved in that I don’t feel settled and have the symptoms I just spoke of. Do you ever have times of great fear or have panic attacks? Do you drink alcohol, smoke cigarettes or use illicit drugs? I believe this all began with a panic attack.
38459	I feel really stupid. Like maybe I shouldn't have gone into like library science and archives. Maybe I should have completely changed my focus to something more practical that like actually has jobs. But the things that do have jobs are like, you know... I don't even know. Anything... At this point any further education is only going to make me overqualified for things in my field and like I can't like start another bachelor's degree to like get a degree in computer science or something
38497	When you feel bad, does it do this? What does that do? In a way, that seems like one kind of meaning; but then there's something else, which is ratified by anything redemptive about what's going on. We're just talking about how it works. There's also meaning something, which I think is often true in this context, that there's something redemptive in the suffering. I'm not sure which one you're referring to which sort of meaning it lacks or maybe both.
38501	And you're taking action. OK, so more disputing. Let us get back to that. OK. I should have been on time for you, like without just walking in late. Dispute. OK. I was actually disputing... What is the reality? The reality is that I was coming from work, and that the bus was... And how late were you for session by the way? Not late!
38509	I did want to see the kids yesterday though. I was going to text Jess to see if they went and see when they were going to get back but I never did. For the weekend? Just for.. For the day? ...for the day, yeah. Ian's little friend moved. Jeez. They always call me when I can't take the call, you know, have to leave a message. And then when I did speak to them, you can't even remember the conversation. Like, nothing was accomplished, you know
38525	day today, but is feeling better toward the evening.’ Or like, ‘Tanya’s doing well and will go home tomorrow.’ It seems like there’s a big difference between that sort of e-mail and.” And then I was like, “I’m going to bed.”
38531	I could take a nap right now. Sorry I’m just like – I don’t even want to say like, “Okay Chad.” So I’ll tackle the afternoon. I’m sorry. You know, I’m imagining that you’re feeling a bunch of pressure from me to make a plan not to kill yourself and to stay alive. And that feels pretty awful.
38550	this is always whenever I have trouble. You mean, "Until now", you've had trouble. 'Til now, I've had trouble. OK ach I hate it frustrates me. I get frustrate myself that it is so difficult. What are you demanding? That I have an answer. That is should be less difficult? Yes!
38560	talking about it, particularly when I'm kind of angry about the fact that she has failed to do this simple thing again, because we've talked about getting her thyroid medication before. We talked about how I went and got her thyroid medication, like three months ago because she didn't have any. It did not seem like a good idea at the time. So it seemed like not an important issue to confront in the specific moment because she was already going to get it that day.
38566	Yeah, like Yvonne actually told me; I didn’t witness this, but Yvonne told me that, you know, the kid had been sleeping on sheets that smelled like piss for three nights, because she didn’t have the spoons or energy to like wash the sheets after Madison peed on them again. And
38569	Did you hear that? "Imperfectly," yeah. Right. The effective new philosophy let's do the doctor one or the going to the doctor and should be feeling better? Can we do that? Mm-hmm. Mm... "There may be no perfect solution." OK, there may be no perfect solution for what I'm experiencing...
38592	like around 11:00. And then I got home and I was talking to my friend in Phoenix, so we were talking. I had the window kind of open and I saw all of these cops flying down the street and I thought, "That's weird." The cops were going really fast. I was like, "Yeah, this is not normal." Then by the time I told Giorgio, I heard two loud noise and then I hung up. You went down to get your mom?
38603	Yeah. And like in the past, I’ve tried saying, you know, Madison, I’m having a grownup calm conversation with your mom, please don’t interrupt. Like not stepping into the role of disciplining her, but like speaking to her as I would to another adult. Like, “I’m having a conversation; can you hand on a minute?” Sure.
38622	Yeah. I could probably do it on Friday. As long as I don't hope for, "Oh, maybe I'll do more after that," because if I start doing that I might get too disappointed if I don't. Set one goal and that's the goal. You check it off and you take a deep breath and you feel good about it. And then you set another goal the next time, but you don't change the goal as you're working on it.
38675	I'm skeptical — I have worked with kids, many kids, who had other conditions that were misdiagnosed, often by pediatricians, with ADHD. Well, the thing is, I don't think that Jess is going to go down the route of having Ian taking medication, that whatever alternative — .
38732	The depression. I think I picked up the depression. No, it was the marriage counselor that took me through the checklist. Oh no, I was pretty sure you were depressed. I think I probably had you diagnosed that way for — You didn't bring it up. Oh, okay, that's very possible.
38771	Again, there's nothing wrong with being a manager at Subway, but if you have the potential to do something and you studied a specific field and - Yep, yep. What happens with that? What happened? So there's a small part of me that thinks that but there's a bigger part of me that thinks, "What is wrong with me?" Mm.
38797	I can certainly see as much as you’re happy for me that this has…this is tough. This can be tough for me being pregnant to the extent that it, you know, brings up this issue more even though it sounds like it’s on your mind anyway.
38814	Yeah, probably something really important going on if not knowing what to say, but it will emerge at some point, eventually. It happens. Yeah. Kind of what you feel is mostly kind of sad. Yeah. Maybe a little worried about Yeah. I get worried about that. Uh huh. That's not necessarily the way I basically think. And I gather, a bit anxious as well? A little bit.
38819	I think I can do that. That sounds manageable? It just doesn’t sound like it’s going to be enough. It’s not enough forever. But it’s what you can fit in these couple of days so that instead of seeing all the options that are closed to you, it’s the option that you can take these couple of days. I want to go on walks. I really do. Just drudging through the snow with my snow boots and things being slippery, I hate it so much. I know.
38847	I have a lot of things to say, because I’m thinking very much about what’s going on. Sometimes I’m letting things I don’t actually have any words for it, so I don’t have anything to say. I don’t want to just talk for the sake of talking. But, so that was what one thought is, a direct answer. But the other thought I had is, we’ve talked about
38873	Right. Are you away forI'm here, so I'm happy to reschedule if you were here, or else Yeah. So I'm not here next Wednesday. Right. But the following Wednesday is January 1st. Right. So I'm not I will be here, but I assume you are not working on January 1st. Right. So I'm not here on those Wednesdays, but I am here the other days. Okay. So I'm happy to reschedule.
38884	and then brushing teeth again, and then demanding water, and then demanding a story, and then coming out of the room, and demanding more water, then wanting another story, because now she was out of bed. And at one point she insisted she wanted me to read her a story. They both just kind of looked at me helplessly, and were like could you go read her a story please? I was like, what the hell is this?
38928	You were trying to gather it into all of your trauma. Ehh. I'm not doing it. Meaning writing? Or not getting people together? Yeah. No, not really. It's a curse to be so ambitious. It must be nice to just not be as much. I have all of these things on my plate. No one put them there. I'm putting them there, but I can't help it. I
38936	is that it can't go a lot faster even if Ivan were to go into the hospital for example, say he were to feel so suicidal again that Dr. Bourd...to me what feels hopeful about this is whether you and Ivan stay together or not, is Ivan is now,
38937	I think I feel guilty that I can't just handle all of it, but there's also a sense in which I acknowledge that I have limits and I seem to be running into some of them. Then this gets us back into our question of what are real limits and what are not real limits? So what should I just work harder at and what is actually a limit? It sounds like you're feeling more angry. Maybe we should talk more about that.
38946	but I was definitely overreacting to the normal amount of . . . I shouldn't have been reacting as strongly as I have been and I think if I'd been in a better place I wouldn't have been reacting as strongly as I did. Those have triggered, but the rest of it comes from seemingly nowhere. Out of the blue? Yeah. That's the part that makes me think it's brain chemistry;
38954	but . . . Well, she could be proactive. I mean, I get what you mean, that she can’t call him up. And it probably wouldn’t help for her to let him know she’s been speaking with you. But in terms of being supportive of you and also in terms of, I don’t know, trying to find him treatment or help him financially.
38964	But that's not the case. And what if the reality is this type of job is, you know, totally unrelated to what he went to school for. What if that's the best fit for him for now, for a while? Mm hm. It's scary for me and I feel bad about that. Hm. I feel responsible that he doesn't feel proud of it. Mm. That he's like afraid to feel proud of it. Mm hm. If he were a doctor right now - Yeah.
38994	when there is an actual posting for a job. I can write an application that indicates why I would be a good match for that position. When there is no posting, I know that the person who is reading it will still have a set of criteria.
39023	One thing I haven't really said anything about to anyone else, but in the last week a number of people, particularly her friends, but a number of people, have sort of like... been congratulatory and said things like, "I'm so happy for both of you," things like that. And while in a general sense I sort of appreciate the sentiment I think, I find it irritating because I don't feel like this is a thing we did. This is a thing that I did in spite of circumstances, some of which were Tanya. So. I mostly wanted to say that. So now I have and that's better, thank you.
39025	Well, I should say I don’t want to sleep. Sleep brings nightmares with it and I have the same nightmare over and over. I was wondering if I could get something to help me sleep and forget past events. Dr. White also indicated that you are having some other concerns. Would you like to tell me about your concerns other than sleep? I would also add that if you have questions or don’t understand something at any point during this interview, please feel free to ask me for clarification. Are you comfortable telling me about your troubles specifically?
39037	and still okay, and still even good. Yeah, I think in a general sense, it seems helpful to... have the non-ideality be acknowledged. But there are unhelpful ways of doing that. People will say things like, “Well, nothing is perfect.” That’s true, but that’s... you know, that’s the... if my... view of things is non ideal, and therefore bad, it’s naïve
39040	...Whilst reminding yourself that you don't need to do it perfectly well. Right. I'm urging you to do it the best you can! And when we get together for the next session, we will go over that. OK, sounds good. Specifically, I would like you and tell me what you think of this to do one or some ABCDE's in relation to when you make yourself depressed. OK.
39070	And I think, you know, you can be proud of yourself for getting in your one application a week because that's more than you had been doing the weeks prior. And I know it didn't result in the way you wanted yet but... Though my parents... My mom seemed kind of skeptical when I told her I'm doing one application a week. But I'm like, "It's more than I was doing before." Mm hmm. That's all I can do right now. So I almost applied to two jobs last week. Like there were two that I could have applied to but the other one,
39076	I know depression is more consistent than that. Typically. A more common descriptor of depression is having those really low feelings pretty consistently. Nobody has a textbook. People's experiences don't fit into boxes perfectly. What's really important is that you're feeling badly more frequently than you're comfortable with and more frequently than we would hope. I'm encouraged that you have days where you get a break from those feelings, but I don't want you feeling really down a couple of days a week.
39113	Maybe more generally like, this concern like, “Do the people in charge know what they’re doing?” Yeah. And... In many circumstances, the answer is “sort of.”
39145	Yeah, that’s true. Or that, you know, that it might be hard to leave the house sometimes, but when you do, it might be good. You get over that hurdle. I guess it’s also like freaking out on those nights like being able to get dinner before rehearsal and stuff. Especially, you know, now that I don’t have anyone making me dinner anymore. Being able to do that all myself. Yeah. I mean, to be responsible for that for yourself.
39168	How’s the tightness now? It’s like a little bit there. Yeah, I saw that shaky breath, which I think is maybe part of what happened. Your chest gets really tight. Yeah. Like it’s not as bad as it’s like been the past few days. Well, I’m glad to hear that. Yeah. See if you can take some really deep breaths. Let the oxygen do its work. So what do I have the moment when I can’t calm down and can’t make the tightness go away?
39177	So ... It feels frustrating and insulting and I’m also a little bit glad that I don’t have to deal with it but I guess part of the frustration is that people have been asking me lately, “Oh yeah, that thing your department’s doing”. Yep. I’m not involved. It’s technically not my department, it’s technically another group that’s half of my apartment.
39178	Yes, so I guess another way to describe it is I feel like there’s a conflict between my, as you put it, commitment to commitment and my desire to not be unhappy forever or not be unhappy right now. And I guess there is some resolution to that conflict in what you were just saying. But I also don’t know how to work out that conflict
39217	I really got the winner's share of the farm. All the male players on my team are going out Saturday night and Sunday I have the football game. What are you going to do with all your free time?
39218	Okay. That's the part that feels really hard because I'm like, "Oh, I should be able to pack up everything."  You can't do everything at once, but you can set one goal, do it, and let go of it. Yeah. That's true. That still won't change the whole evening getting food situation. It doesn't sound like you don't feel like you can do much to change it. Yeah.
39224	is really messed up from his parents; he has numerous problems. We should stop. Okay. Thanks Yep.
39262	When we get to a point where I feel like I understand something, then often... my focus will shift to... back to you, in some sense. It’s like, that’s where we start the session, is, you know... I’m acutely aware that you’re present. Then I come back to that when I... I feel like I have things in hand or something like that.
39274	Yeah. I'm upset with myself right now because I don't know what my next step is. So it's like really, it's not feeling very tolerable. Mm. Ramona, how has your depression and anxiety been this week? Um. Well I saw you not that long ago. Yeah.
39279	Yeah, yeah. You can go back to Dr. Carlton, but I don't think this is something that we should medicate. This is what you would do if something like this happened. It was starting to happen after Monday and you will come out of this, probably actually sooner than you think. Yeah, yeah. Right, right. I've been reminding myself of that, too. That's what I was saying, I'm actually handling it better than . . .
39283	That sounded really accusing but... he said "I don't know if this is around the time you went home to get your car inspected but...I don't know if Ivan...if it sounded like you didn't want him to go. I don't want to get in the middle of that but..." So he just kind of let me know that he thought it was me kind of...
39321	" Well that's the customs form for packages over 16 ounces." "Well, it doesn't say that on the form and I didn't know," and then he made me go get back in the back of the line. Ugh. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of times they just let people, if they make you go get something, they just say, " Come back up to the front." Not today. Yeah.  I don't know. What's on your mind?
39327	Yes. But I would say I look at Ivan and say, "That's a little black and white." Mm. Or, "That's a little " Like I can - Uh huh. Uh huh. But it's hard for me I guess to do it as much with myself. And even if I do, even if I am aware that that's a bit, it's still hard to pull back because some of the emotions that go with that. Yeah, yeah. So, well versed intellectually, and then there's concepts. And it sounds like you've been recognizing it
39359	If you continue to feel like Dr. Farrow's not getting it, like if you feel like it's biased and you've had a chance to talk about that then it's not working for you.
39365	It sounds like it's worth asking a question because I don't, I wouldn't know which to pick. Yeah. If something were in my field or remotely close to what I want to be doing it would be one thing but it's like when my mom sends me jobs sometimes they at least make sense. But my dad sends me jobs; they never make sense. Yeah. I mean, I think if there's, if there's an internship that interests you and it's unclear about whether or not it's a paid position, maybe worth a phone call or an e-mail... Yeah.
39390	So the networking thing I think... You know, yeah, I don't know people who work in other libraries that I'd want to work in or... Yeah. Do you know that the people that you know in libraries don't know people in the field that don't work at the same libraries? That might... I don't know. It's also been a while since I've like talked to any of the people. You know, and really the only people at is the Divinity school library that was because I,
39463	so they need both car seats. Then I've got to come back and get Ian for Cub Scouts. It's the big pack meeting. I've never been to a pack meeting, so I don't know what we're going to do there. Ian is sleeping over. Are you like a den dad or something or are you just going? No. I'm just an adult.
39464	And in talking to them, they seemed, I don’t know, proactive. We can do this little and then. I don’t know. People like Marlowe and Vicki are very. Anything that we’re looking up stuff for, with me or giving me options, so, yeah. Yeah. I don’t know. I don’t know. I guess I’m like a, I don’t know, point person or something. A what?
39480	I loved my grandparents as a child. I love this house, except for the basement. I used to have to play with my cousin in the basement. He was not a nice person, five years older than me and liked to teach me all sorts of things - sexual things. I was only five at the time and didn’t understand. I felt dirty and ashamed. I didn’t tell anyone until I was an adult. I have gone to counselling for this as an adult - no one else knows.
39504	My parents haven't visited me since I was in college in Texas. So it's an interesting and different thing. I was in Ohio for four years and after a couple of years my mother decided that she might want to visit instead of just me coming back to visit which in a lot of ways made more sense me visiting home because the rest of my family is there. It's one person far away and six people relatively close. The direction of travel makes sense for me to be going back home, but
39509	I was talking with Camilla about how I was feeling pretty bad Sunday and I said something. I think I said that I don’t understand how Denver hasn’t been swallowed up in earthquakes with how sad I feel. She was like “that really sucks.” That was really pretty . . . Thanks? The thing is I feel so bad about putting things on people. I want to find a way to make it bearable for them.
39542	Yeah. One of things that's hard, I mean Dr. Farrow said that she does experience the dynamic in the room gets so polarized where you're holding this kind of rage and criticism and he's holding all of the shame and kind of recoiling. I think that the thing I would be pushing you guys to start getting out there and understanding together is that I don't think you're the only one with rage and criticism in the room and I don't think he's the only one with shame in the room. And the anxiety.
39552	It’s quite loud cause he’s a big guy... He’s a big. Is he a big guy? He’s a big guy yeah, yeah and he’s got a big beard. What’s he like then? Well he’s a big guy with a big beard, yeah. - I called him Beardy once. He didn’t like that he got a right hump... - Christ he, I called him Beardy, Beardy. - Yeah I can imagine. Yeah cos I just... - And what kind of......
39571	They're just so I don't even know what they're talking about. They're arguing over stuff and taking hot shots at each other. The disenfranchised trustee is, you know, both trustees gave me
39614	There should be a coffee shop in this little square. You can never have too many coffee shops. I guess at some point I'm supposed to feed Ian. You're going to need to feed him, I think. I've got to figure out what to do. It's such a pain in the ass. We should stop for now. I'll see you on Tuesday next week, but I'm out on Friday. Okay. That's right, next week. I hope you weren't worried.
39623	I'm supposed to make our estimated tax payment today. Jess is waiting on a check and we're going to mail it out today without having enough money, hoping that check comes in. I've got a closing on Friday but that's not going fund until next Wednesday. Right. So I don't know what to do there. I mean, I know they get a lot of estimates in and they don't cash them the day they get them.
39635	I mean, I don't know whether that's true or not, but if I act like that's true then the next thing for me to do is figure out what I'm going to do next and say, "Look, no I actually have to figure out what I have to do next." So then I talk to James again and said, "No, I pretty much just have to keep doing the same thing. It's not time for me to decide that I've failed at this yet." Right
39649	Like, “You know, today it’s one thing, and tomorrow it might be something else. I’m going to revise and update.” Whereas like, “This is how it works.” I know that’s not – It’s close anyway. I don’t know, but I think – I think actually what I’m sort of objecting to, I’m not getting mad at I don’t know.
39663	Yes, I had the experience of, as you were talking about it. You know, you were talking about it and it made good sense, then you sort of said, “But also not intellectually, you know, it’s not just facts, it’s also feelings.” Yeah, of course. But I have a much less clear sense of... how do you sort out feelings? Yeah, and I guess, one of the ways that I do that is I project them into the “fact space,” so
39667	work more that way. I'm not sure that would be more helpful. Let's see, and tomorrow, yeah, that's okay, 5:45? Yeah. Okay good.
39688	Yeah. I mean it really helps. I feel terrible that I really go out like this. This is hard and Josh seems to be in a better place about it. It's okay that you don't get to the same place at the same time. It sounds like you didn't anger him that you weren't exactly where he was and that your reaction was different.
39726	I think part of what that is for you, which may not address the kind of broader issue, but is you for the moment forgetting who's responsible for this you've rarely been able to share your suffering with the people around with whom you might. Yeah. I very often feel like when I'm doing badly and I talk to somebody about it, at the end of it I sort of feel like, "Great, now we're both unhappy. Awesome."
39744	I'm not sure because they're like at least a couple but then again maybe you could consider them like you know if I don't get a distraction then it's one panic attack, just a very long panic attack, you know, and then I guess like when I have rehearsal and stuff, okay so I have a panic right before rehearsal, go to rehearsal, feel fine for rehearsal, get out of rehearsal another panic attack. So whenever you're not occupied. Yeah. Your mind or your body are panicking.
39749	research are pretty similar as far as the idea the process of coming up with something new and the process of figuring out what is already known. They have some, for me, some essential similarity. They may not be as similar as I think they are because other people certainly seem to find them very, very discrete categories. It's interesting. For me it's like here are the values of what we know. Obviously, the next thing to look for is this. But if you take
39784	I guess I’m afraid with music that the time commitment issue and not being able to make rehearsals or feeling trapped that I have to go to rehearsal and I’m like really sad or something. What would be the worst case scenario? I missed rehearsal and end up staying on the wall and crying and feeling the tightness and not having it go away. I guess if I miss too many rehearsals and getting kicked out. And that probably would happen. It’s never happened in the past.
39793	You know, it's like I'm just like... ...different, yeah. Am I just, you know, too tired and this is giving me energy or is it really helping my focus and stuff like that? I thought about something that I was able to focus on a little better. I can't remember what it was. I think Ian was bothering me while I was trying to do something. I can't remember.
39802	We're so far off of counter-factuals we could actually observe that I'm not even sure what difference it makes. Yeah, I don't know. What were you just thinking about? Just sort of . . . nothing that stuck, particularly, just how did we get to here?
39833	Dr. Barnes, when I had asked her before, she doesn't really think I could go up more on the Desipramine and that. She didn't think going up more would actually help. It's really hard when I'm feeling this miserable to want to go out and exercise and do stuff.
39912	So, I guess it seems to me that for you to feel more sure about how things there are fucked up, and how she really should be responsible for her kid; like she’s being mean to her kid. Yeah.
39921	or asked a question. He will look around the room and wait for someone to respond. He seems perfectly content to wait for long periods of time, or some. It has the effect of when there are actually questions, someone will eventually ask the question, but... So, do you think that’s coincidental? Or that was actually a... Causative? Causative, yeah.
39927	the name of it, but it was near Southwest—it was basically people are finishing up their Ph.D. who needed hours. And I think it’s you pay on a sliding scale. So, I told him to look into that. You pick whatever you can kind of thing. I don’t know. I thought that would be good, because I feel like—I don’t know. I don’t know. These people would be super-eager to help him. And they’re being advised or
39932	like it's me being weak I guess and guess it's like lately I've been trying to be better about it and stuff, but - You've been weak? Oh, the fact that I give in instead of just not saying anything at all. I mean not that Sydney wants me to like not tell him when I'm feeling this way but I guess I could do it in a more productive way. What would that be? Not asking if I could kill myself but just be like, 'by the way I feel like I want to hurt myself right now.'
39964	away one of those pieces, presumably, it's the next obvious piece to look for in the so. Thinking about the shovel and the pen that's good for its contrast. And I'd much rather tell which of them never existed and which of them existed and ceased to be and which are just hidden. And on that note, we're going to stop today. See you next week? Okay. Take care. Bye-bye. You to.
39995	for that gland stable is probably a good idea when one already has difficulties regulating mood. So This is one of the things where we've talked some about my difficulty with what is she responsible for and what is she not?
40030	My husband was also a yeller and controller. He means to protect me, but it goes too far. Have you had other therapy or medications in the past, perhaps when you saw the counselors in the past? No medications and just basically talked about things that have happened in the past. Sometimes I feel stuck and need to talk to my counselor, if that makes sense.
40041	express my pain and frustration. Well I think there's... You know, the... Part of it is the chronicity of it in that this is not, these are not isolated events. They're not feeling like isolated events anymore. Yeah.
40076	So you've been having a rough time. Yeah, more panic attacks and stuff. It was really Sydney who wanted me to get the extra appointment, so I said sure because it was starting to get really rough on him because it wasn't like I wanted to hurt myself, it was me asking him like trying to convince him that it would be that he'd be better off if I were dead and stuff which I guess I like something that's really hard to listen to. Is that how you feel?
40091	wanted to divorce. And she, I don’t know, from where I’m standing, it looks like she emotionally coerced him and belittled him into going to counseling with her. And, you know, Christopher said in counseling, and he said before counseling, and he has been very consistent about saying that he feels like their marriage has been emotionally abusive towards him, and he just wants out, and there’s nothing she can do to convince him otherwise.
40092	Well it sounds like that's one component of it is not... I mean, part of it is feeling like there's not enough intimacy but he's also not following through on other plans that you've made. Yeah. Like he ended up being awake for New Year's Eve but we didn't get to do anything romantic mostly because he was sick and so that was a disappointment. He was like, "Oh, we can do something romantic later in the week." I was like, "Okay." That never happened either. Mm hmm.
40100	to think about the intervening time between here and there where everything either ends up being and none of it is And I know that it has sorrow and hardship and all of that attached, but yeah, it's okay because it's going somewhere. I've had a couple of other thoughts and one is and we've talked about this before all of your experiences, disillusionment in your life and how just deeply disturbing that is and has been for you.
40102	It’s sort of it occurs to me that I should probably talk out some of the features of the last week. So Tanya’s friend Candace came to visit. Candace was Tanya’s roommate at William & Mary. A very good friend; she’s great. So one of the few people for who it’s always good for for who for Tanya it’s always good to visit so, it’s helpful to have her be here. It’s good.
40125	No he's definitely not. He's definitely not, that's a significant point. Definitely not. So he said I was too young and then proceeded to tell me about his boss and how his boss had a herniated disc and how he's had three steroid injections, that surgery is definitely the next step because he plays golf and he's active and
40157	that that could feel a lot better, a lot different. Yeah. And if we came to the realistic understand that that was his passion and that's what he was going to do, but he wasn't going to pay the bills. We were going to compensate through me, through him doing another job, like some way. Yeah. I feel like that would be a more realistic scenario. Mm hm.
40189	Yeah. And like he's been depressed for almost a year. Like that's a really long time. Yes it is. I mean, it's not his fault because like he's at least, it's not like he's been avoiding therapy and drugs or anything like that. He's... He has appointments. He makes them. He goes to them. I mean, granted a lot of his therapy has been phone sessions because he's been feeling sick but he still usually goes to his therapy twice a week. But it's...
40206	he's done this a few times, like he was telling my friend Sophie about how hard it is to watch his kids have relationships and how scary it is and how terrifying it is for him as a father and you know he's around the other side of me from her this is like when he told my friend did I ever tell you about this? He told my friend that he thought that Josh was going to die last year when we were out to dinner. No. No.
40211	But right now I’m very frustrated with this idea of like trying to make our relationship better when in fact Tanya is out of the crisis where she was hospitalized but she’s still pretty bad. Like she’s not doing well. So we go there and like we can’t really talk
40232	that? How do you live with all that stuff going on inside? Do you think that's how your mother lived? Maybe. I always felt like my mother was very fragile. Even now, she sees herself as being so self-aware, but if I think if you ever really like, got anywhere, got her to really look inside I think she would fall apart. I think that's how she got through life is to have the same kind of detachment.
40244	Marie was visiting. I had just gotten back from my trip in Madagascar. It was maybe a month and a half after going to volunteer in Madagascar, which was where my stomach problems kind of just I like started eating again and it was kind of like a combination,
40255	I don't know exactly why. I have been feeling more angry at it. I think there's a sense in which Tanya wants to have her life back and have it be okay and wants to . . . yeah, I'm not exactly sure.
40285	Yeah. I ended up going, and so, the convention’s at the hotel Westin convention center of, like, a big Westin, and something like three thousand people. And last time I went it was more like two thousandish at the plaza. It was really intensely noisy and aggravating in that, like,
40319	I guess I’m also afraid that like, you know, now I’m starting to feel like older than all the people in the group and if that’s going to be an issue. Right now, if I come back, I wouldn’t be the oldest member of the group. And how does the age become an issue? Well, you know, it would be…
40353	And handle, meaning...? Not go into a spiral that ends up in the very bad place again, you know, in suicidality or self-injury or the hospital. I can't answer that on a practical level... But it seems like ultimately an untenable way to live your life. Hmm
40370	we're... some of us are leaving the reception, the wedding reception at 2:00 in the morning. There's still a whole lot of dancing and drinking and partying going on. But it's time for some of us to leave, myself included. But Amanda, Tanya's sister, is still there. And so, in that... that was the only moment in which we had anything like a conversation about it. And in that moment she wanted to tell me that... I wanted to leave, didn't really want to be having a conversation at that moment. This was a, like,
40395	In some circumstances I feel like I'm drawing a line where this is okay and this is not okay. Like any use of chemical warfare not okay. But then I might say something as ideally in order to use chemical weapons which I don't think you really disagree with but Well, ideally you would have married the person that you thought you married and she wouldn't be suicidal and she would embrace the same values that you have.
40411	Yeah. I don't know how I could get my sleep cycle to move earlier. It should be a simple thing because I'm waking up between seven and eight. You would think I would just fall asleep after sixteen hours of being awake, but no. Who prescribes for you?
40417	He wanted me to go to the pub last week, and I absolutely promised that I would, because I’d begun to stop wanting to go out because I’m so afraid it’s going to happen and I promised and promised him I’d go to the pub and then when it came to it I just couldn’t, I just sat on the sofa and it started to happen again.
40425	So I don't know. It's like I'm at the mercy of the IRS, asking them for this offer in compromise. One of the things they look at is that you're making your payments. In fact, it is a violation of the terms to not make your — I see, make your estimated tax payment.
40464	that stuff than there generally is. Yeah, and the hotel that it’s in, while there’s a lot of space, which is good, the main lobby area is like, it was designed for business conventions, not a ton of people being really social and running around screaming. So, you know, like ... there’s that setup,
40520	Inhale dropping your head to the opposite shoulder, exhaling letting it float up to the center noticing how your neck feels different. On the next inhale you shrug your shoulders toward your ears
40521	Yeah I get....you should know that cos you know you’re a doctor as well aren’t you? Yeah. So you should know these things. Yeah. And is that how the voice seems to you? I hear him in my ears... You hear him in your ears? Because that’s what I’m used to hearing.... and he talks to me with his mouth cos he’s, he’s. So the voice that seems to come through your ears rather than from inside your head?
40542	No. Because she already feels guilty about not having gotten the medication and so like I intend to ask her but the problem with exponential decay is like impulse treatment it's easy to drop off very quickly. So after a week she would have half or less of the hormone in her system, but it takes a long time to build back up. And so if this is actually a contributing factor,
40562	I don't know completely why. I always do. Huh. I think it's really it is the money. I have some issues with money - Huh. being spent on me. Hm. So one of the things I wonder, because you're describing it both in money and then also in time, your sister's time. If it is hard for you to be given to, like really for someone to lovingly give something to you that you take - Yeah.
40566	like a pleasant bird, but it was just like, has a very intense gaze, and will wait for you to talk. Like a therapist? In many ways, yeah. But... much more expectantly. I feel like, especially you and... you sit and I feel that there is an expectation that I will speak, but your gaze is not particularly expectant, if that makes sense.
40597	Right. Nobody is going to — I doubt it's going to be a week. The state is pretty quick. That's only $100-something, so that's not too bad. I would've had most of the money, but my car payment hit today. Yay car payment. I'm also trying not to bounce that $1500 check where the client fired me. Right.
40631	That was actually meant to be a question. Really? Yeah. Well, what'sSo if theSo that means that there's more than one answer to that question. So what are the different answers? Uh, yes and no. Or, "That's not the right way to think about it," or something. Well, it's something that you want in a relationship, so it seems like that's a good
40643	is that no, that is effective... Looking for the beliefs. ... Oh, that is looking for the belief. OK. What stage is that in the A B C ? Well, it is the activating event, then it is looking for the belief. Which is the "B." Yeah, "B." Yes. I didn't know what
40657	about trust. I mean we did because that was where the conversation went. And I didn’t avoid it like I do sometimes. But that ends up in the place where I say like I don’t trust here and why should I so which I feel like is not particularly helpful to Tanya when she’s, you know, struggling with her broken leg. Well but it’s the truth. Yes.
40660	I'm Biomechanics should be in a laboratory. Like so that's gone. If that makes sense. And so that has dramatically lessened my feeling of being trapped I think, at least for now. Do you know-we've talked about this a little bit before, but do you know what you'd like to do next? Not in an ideal sense. I don't know what the ideal thing would be to do. But I also know that I want to eat, and I would like to do biomechanics I think.
40672	noticing where that brings tension to your shoulders, your neck or your upper back letting them drop all the way down as you exhale. Inhale shrugging up, exhale and release. On your next inhale in you're going to bend your elbows bringing your hands toward your shoulders noticing what that feels like in your biceps and then as you exhale let those arms fall and relaxing all the way. Inhale bending the elbows, and then you exhale letting those arms go, notice how the tension drains out of your shoulders and your arms. On your next inhale you're going to
40712	Yeah, I mean I could have more. Ah, so Josh's idea of why I needed to have a bad childhood to be happy is that you can push through suffering and suffer a speed cyclist they say if you suffer for hours and hours and hours it was just a New York Times article about athletes who get really, really injured and thrown out of their sport and how it ruins their lives. I think Josh was actually really happier even, was it yesterday? Well, it's validating for him.
40720	We can usually bear tragedy, horror, intense discomfort for a limited time. You actually, you are doing some of the steps of the cognitive work that helps and just pushing yourself to take that next step, making it present centered rather than letting your thoughts be about the future and beyond. That's part of what makes it so overwhelming is when you think it's going to be forever. But it still feels like it's you know because like I feel like I shouldn't be kept on something by now,
40725	It’s also a feature of like, dinner with more than one person, so I... And I do wonder like, what other people are thinking about in other contexts, also, but... Sometimes I have a clear sense of what they’re doing, and I do hear. So like, in a lot of meetings, I know which of my colleagues
40742	you were more reluctant to answer. I could be wrong in that belief. Recognize that is the premise under which I’m operating here. We talked a lot after I asked that about why am I so curious about your pregnancy. And so I’ve continued to think about that question. I think there are several things going on. Like I said, a big snarl of things here. So just try to keep talking and see what we’ll get.
40780	No, she isn't complaining. She will tell me "You know, if I'm ever in a situation you would do the same,", that I would be there and I would...and then of course, again, my issue is that I then think "I can't think about that right now. I just have to get better myself. I don't want to think about you having an issue, that's like this,
40782	Where do you want to start? I know it's not time to symbolize depression yet, but I think I have what would be depression if it were happening consistently for two weeks. What's going on? What are you feeling and then I want to know when it started. I'm feeling like a lot of time I'm having unsettled thoughts, more like wanting to hurt myself non-fatally thoughts. Really, easily like overreacting to anything small going wrong.
40783	I just sort of was “Oh my God. I hate everyone”. I mean, and also I had a complete　freak out before packing because I couldn’t find a bottle of painkillers. I had a bottle of Vicodin　and I couldn’t find it anywhere. So I got super stressed about it, like tearing apart my　apartment. Sorry. What’s hurting? My hip. That did used to hurt. I know I haven’t heard for awhile, I don’t think we’ve　talked about it for awhile.
40804	There are like two sets of fears there. One is that she will behave in a way that her mother did. And one is that she will inflict the damages that were inflicted on her on our children because there’s a real sense of…she feels like she’s inflicted them on me. So I think that’s a list of my major concerns.
40827	is hard to know what comes first, but I think that, if we start with... Just do your ABCs. OK, fine. I got it. How are you feeling now, in comparison to how you felt an hour or so ago? Definitely better, more empowered and more ready to sort of attack a lot my these thoughts. And... The irrational... Attack the irrational beliefs, yeah.
40833	allow it to leave, relaxing your body as you exhale. Take a moment to notice again the thoughts that may have entered into your mind, acknowledge them and let them go without any judgment from what you're noticing and allow yourself to repeat that process as many times as it feels useful. Noticing what you feel, noticing what you've noticed in your head and then let it go giving yourself a moment to be free, empty, relaxed. And let yourself count out
40840	Fair enough. What are you thinking? I would just say that was a really good thing to say. Yeah, I think it's right, there are two fairly obvious end points that None of which is ideal necessarily, but this is the real world whatever. No, neither is ideal and both have unpleasant and disappointing aspects to them for sure. Yeah.
40875	I always think that I'm still in a phase of being fit and being thinner, you know? Like I'm not supposed to be skinny, like I'm supposed to have meat on my bones and be strong and curvy. So I don't think I'm skinny, but fit. I'm always scared that I'm going to become that fat kid again, and so I'm very, very obsessive about what I eat, and I plan... like I plan my meals a lot.
40879	was a lot more detailed than ones in the past. So like stuff about my psychiatrist - Why? Yeah. Saying that like,
40881	I mean last year none of this happened. Right. I would want to like to want to go out to do anything and he was depressed. Sad and kind of afraid to let you go. So you really have found he's found different ways it sounds like to cope with it and you've found different ways to cope with that as a couple because you need to find a way that you are both taken care of and it sounds like you're figuring that out.
40885	and so you’re not really in the same risk bracket as he would’ve been. So, I don’t think that there is a problem with your heart, I guess what I’m wondering is whether actually what’s going on is a little more what the doctor thought, whether actually this might be the anxiety that’s giving you a lot of these symptoms. Have you ever thought it might be something else rather than a heart problem?
40902	Yeah. So rather than look for reasons why it might not be good now or might not be good in the future, I wonder what stops you from letting yourself kind of give it a try. I guess it’s the depression is what stops me. The anxiety. Your job is for you to be in control and not let the anxiety and depression be in control. Anxiety and depression impact you, but you don’t have to let it control you. So I know that it…
40905	You sound like you need more protection right now from playing that role and anything and everything we can do to help you not play that role anymore. It doesn't mean being extremely angry but it just might mean saying...stepping out of scenarios in which you feel drawn in to take care of him just not doing that. It's impossible.
40921	Mm-hmm. The plan was that we were going to first, before we went out and met our friends, Marie and I were going to meet my mom. My mom works in the city, so we were going to meet my mom at her office and my mom was going to take us to a Red Cross information session that was being held in Chicago. The plan was not to do the  cocaine before we went to meet my mom, obviously, but I remember there was like some trouble. We didn't think we were going to get it. The guy that I was supposed to get it from
40943	It is easier than the disputing, yeah. And what you've recognized tonight is that it will serve you well to be more thorough in expressing the irrational beliefs. Yes. So, yes, let's make that a part of your homework. But may I give you more? Oh, yeah, and then the disputing, of course.
40959	a part of you that – of course even though you should be. Yeah. No, yeah, that seems so obvious to me that it only just occurred to me that you were questioning that. Right. We should stop now. Sure.
40967	Yes - when soldiers come home and have a hard time adapting back into normal life, right? That is correct. There are other situations where people can have PTSD such as traumatic stressful events such as car accidents, living through a natural disaster,
40975	Yeah. I grabbed Cecelia; I grabbed my shoes. My mom was already awake. I was like, "We're going right now. We're getting in the car and we're going." But then, for whatever reason, I thought to call 911 and, when I told them my address and stuff, they were like, "Just turn off all the lights and don't go near the windows. Definitely do not leave your house. Lock all the doors." It was crazy. On the other hand, once it was over I also felt a tremendous
41001	That was the dream she had always been sold. She had a whole lot of people give her bad advice. It's just factually inaccurate. It just is. Not the least because in her first three years she got a one degree and then she spent another year getting another degree instead of graduating early because she recognized that she couldn't get a job with the first degree. This is the conversation we've been having for our entire relationship,
41014	but sort of in the long run is to feel angry and trapped and maybe over time, resentful. That is an option. It would be an unfortunate one for you. Yeah. I want the framing that you gave because it so that's not really an option in the original set up, right? You said, eventually you will feel okay in one of these two set ups. Right. Exactly.
41028	Right now volunteering wouldn't really getting in the way of something else. You have time to do it. It's just annoying that I don't have something else to do. Because now it's been over a year that I have been unemployed. And like I really didn't think I'd be unemployed this long. It's longer than you expected. Yeah. Like I really thought I'd find a job. It's a long time. And I haven't and like the, I don't know, the economy is getting better but
41082	So when we were on dates, he would pretend everything was normal, and he didn’t talk about his depression the way all of my other friends did. from that. Well, one thing that seems to be , but that seems to be true in the way you’re describing Yvonne and Vanessa sort of talking to you, you’d also know you’re talking about it, is
41146	Yeah. Again, that sounds more like it's a worry based in some understanding of the possibilities of reality. What if, for example, for him to feel like he was functioning at his best in a life that he was happy with, he was going to be a manager at Subway for the next twenty years? You have to take in your breath even. Yeah.
41162	So I need to help her cook. So not really a chance for a walk. Well, one way to do it is to think about, I know a long way back we thought about instead of thinking about doing that concentrated exercise, just how to build a little bit more movement or activity in to the day. So it sounds like you’re going to be, you know, like parking at work, parking at the doctor’s office… Yeah. Park a little bit further away.
41165	Does that make it’s not a great analogy. It actually is a pretty good analogy but that’s sort of how I don’t know if that addresses some of the frustration that you’re feeling.
41232	And a guilty part of me inside thinks, "Ivan's almost old enough. What if he was about to be a doctor? What if he was about to be lawyer or a Wow, that would be awesome." Mm. Like to be married to someone who was - Mm hm. I don't know, energetic and had a great career that they were passionate about and did a lot with. Hm. Your two choices of role models were that or your Mom. Right.
41250	Well, I think anger sometimes just masks your real feelings. So, it's not really a feeling necessarily. I think with Harold it's probably easier than dealing with how sad it is. What his situation is. What has happened to his life. Well, I guess it also, being detached serves my purpose well, my situation with Harold, because I don't have to walk around feeling upset all the time that Harold is in pain or Harold isn't happy. He can't do certain things.
41254	So like anthropology. Yes. So part of me was like “I already know what you’re talking about”. The other part of me is thinking “What you’re describing as being really innovative isn’t”. So part of her, “This is so amazing and innovative”, was recording people on film. Well, digital film.
41257	I think, about what you feel and what happens the closer you get to somebody that makes you then sort of look elsewhere. You think a lot of confusion as new things were getting opened up for the first time and then this happens. I could see in that state that this just added fuel to the fire, being totally turned upside down and inside out for a while.
41293	The idea of your saying things that interest me is maybe a way I would want you to stay around. Hm. Seems reasonable. Yeah, that one's complicated. I assume you don't have anyone that comes in here and tries to alienate you. Like that they're so above they're going to throw on, I don't know...
41303	One day I had a fruit or a vegetable . . .  It has to be a choice, too.  . . . in my lunches all 30 days of work. How did that feel?
41305	The new information about the job didn't really speed up the timeline of looking for a job. It actually sounds like they'll find work for you for a little bit longer than you may have anticipated, but at the same time that you started hearing about that or taking about that it sounds like you also got some advice online that you should be doing your job search now.
41350	I hate thinking, I can't you say that's right. What do I talk about in response to that? And I think the important thing is that I think that is impacting the way I interact with people more generally, particularly friends. I think that in a sense, habit of bracketing my needs, is in
41356	even when you’re feeling pretty bad, you generally still do? It’s really bad. I mean it gets worse than this, but not that much worse. Yeah. I haven’t forgot; I’m trying to remember the last time it was like this; it’s been awhile. On one hand, it’s mostly an of self hatred and fighting amongst yourself?
41376	In other words, what I mean is depression is not very descriptive compared to something like paranoid schizophrenia or borderline personality disorder. Those things seem more descriptive than things like depression or generalized anxiety. I think that depression is about as useful a description as fever, in some ways. Yes, whereas I do think that something like paranoid schizophrenia or disorder are a little more useful, I think. It doesn’t say a lot about who the person is.
41399	How many there are. Had you been asleep? No. I was wide awake. I had just walked down that way that night. It was a nice night. Since I already wasn't feeling that great that week I was like, "You know, I'm just going to take a walk." I walked right where it all went down
41409	And he was happy doing that and he managed to find a way of functioning well doing that. What do you do then? Is that enough for you? The thing that happens with that type of hypothetical scenarios is, a small part of me looks at Ivan and says, "Why would that be?" Like, "What happened?" Uh huh. Or, "Why is that?" You know. Uh huh.
41413	That's what you have left at that point is your family. So, you know, you've named all these really traumatic things that your mother experienced. It's quite a list. Do you feel that if she got in touch with those that she would be just too overwhelmed at what life had given to her, to have forced her to deal with and she'd simply say this was just too much? Yeah, because that's basically what happened. She just couldn't handle life. She couldn't handle having kids. She couldn't handle. It really wasn't until she got involved
41430	or like, have had to deal with being comfortable talking about that kind of stuff. I mean, clearly not, or something. I would think that, except that I think having a lot of white people who’ve done Afro Am, who are just, who are ... I don’t know. I guess it seems like they just feel like... what? Yeah, that’s the truth.
41441	To remind myself that I am a fallible human that does make mistakes, that doesn't do everything exactly like an ingredient that you put together and come up with some perfect model person; and that I'll still be loved, and if I'm not loved, then that is I have to love myself so that...
41468	She thought at that time, was feeling quite hopeful about where the two of you were beginning to head together. So I'm saying that now because I think just to know that their perspectives are that change is happening in him. It's not as fast maybe as you'd like it to happen but character change, personality change doesn't happen quickly. It takes years. So this is a new piece of the puzzle that Dr. Bourd didn't...he didn't know even that Ivan had made threats for example.
41485	Like I started to feel like James was upset with me because I wasn’t successful in my effort not to react in any way until I could assess what the best way of approaching the situation was. I literally had an involuntary exclamation when I read the e-mail.
41509	And what they’re saying is racking you. Yeah. It’s not like, this may be happening, but it’s not the affect that you’re describing that like what they’re feeling is getting metabolized. Right. Or you’re helping them metabolize it. It’s just like you’re all getting mangled. Yeah. By what’s happening to you. And
41525	I can't think of the word something about taking care of it or how are you going to sort of you being in charge of this. Feeling de facto in charge. I have to say families are different and so forth, but I think, God, especially at your ages and I know it's complicated given who you are and given Tanya's family dysfunction,
41529	No, I don't think so. No. I am encouraging you to dispute. I'm energetic. Yeah. But am I telling you, "Do it perfectly well, Jessa?" No. No, so you're adding that. Are you not? I am. So that is my hypothesis, that you're finding it is hard because you add to the task that you should be able to do it better, you should do it right. Yes.
41585	shithole, while I’m sitting Lego’s literally, because I can’t put them away, because that would shame her. But like there are no places to sit that aren’t covered in fucking Lego’s. And like her kid is misbehaved, but then she doesn’t discipline her kid. I’m also watching her, like actively not discipline her kid, while her kid is misbehaving while she’s telling me that she’s so miserable that her kid misbehaves.
41605	Clearly I need to be working. You would. Of course. Where's the money going to come from? One positive thing I did, which I'm hoping will help, is I joined, career services set up this job seekers workshop. Mm. And it's literally for new graduates - Ah. plus the Dean of Career Services. Uh huh. Meeting once a week and doing a check in and talk about strategies and things like that. Hm.
41606	it isn't making me worse so I guess that's a good thing, so it's like I just wanted to reduce the Wellbutrin anyway, so But it's not so it's not having a negative effect, but it's not having a positive effect either. Like, it's sort of like I guess the panic often, it won't start until mid afternoon, perhaps earlier. But it still happens. It still happens almost every day. Almost every day? If not every day. How many panic attacks are you having in a day?
41638	I know that there is a lot that we haven't touched on about how things are awful, a lot to do with how sleeping affects you, work, which is what we were talking about last time, I think, and some of the suicidal thinking. I know I've asked a lot of questions. I guess I sort of felt like I want to get the lay of the land a little bit and worry about missing other things. Are there other things at the moment that we are missing? Are there other things that are feeling as bad as well?
41674	Well, notice that. You told me that you believed in your drama queen friend who is not a doctor, who was telling you you're going to be paralyzed for the rest of your life. Yes. It is the same tendency to assume and not question, assume and not question. OK. So time is moving on and we're not going to have time now...
41682	it's service to her depression or something. Do you feel that in addition to there not being more than Tanya's depression in your marriage do you feel that that's true for Tanya as a person too, that that is much of her life right now? Yeah. Yeah. I feel like she has worked hard in the last, I don't know, eight months, to make that less true, but... something can be less true and still very true. So.
41706	Do you think the ages of your daughters may trigger some of your memories? Probably. They are so small and innocent, I can’t go there.  How about mental or emotional abuse? Did you experience either or both of these? My mom was a yeller and threw things. She cursed a lot and was not a happy person. She had me when she was sixteen, so we always kind of clashed.
41718	What you're describing, it sort of changed over time, but this very close relationship with your emotions, with what you take in your body, and then sort of how you manage your emotions. And it's sort of morphed into something different now, but there's still that link. Now it's developed into an anxiety around it, an anxiety around what you're taking into your body. Even though it doesn't sound like it's an anxiety with food, but it sounds like that one experience I mean,
41771	Okay. Even if it's just to say "I feel like I'm holding a lot, I'm very worried about him, I wanted to see if it would be possible for you to check in with him yourself." See how she responds. I would not go into it with high hopes, in your own self-protection you might go into it assuming she's going to respond in a way that's not that productive but you're putting it out there to try to protect yourself and it's worth a shot. I think that's totally reasonable to do.
41792	So I'm going to a conference next week and making a poster. I finished the poster last night.
41810	we are creatures of habit, and so I this is a new habit. ...if we let ourselves be. So, yes, when we let ourselves be. So this is a new these are new, habitual things that I... New behaviors... ...New behaviors that I need to or not need no, no...
41814	in different ways. So if she comes over, because we will plan to do dinner sometimes, so she will come over, especially if Ivan's still at work. Mm. And we'll cook something and she'll sometimes bring over, she'll just show up with ingredients for a new recipe. And she'll say, "Oh, I just stopped by the store. Let's make this new pasta salad." Mm.
41817	I also found out more stuff about my job. It turns out that the grant goes until December. I guess it's flexible enough so that it's not like if I do end up finishing everything really early they can find other things for me to do and I can stay until December. Talking to people on the Internet they think that I should start my job search now and I guess somehow mention in the cover letter that I'm working on this grant right now.
41834	Like by talking about it, I made it go away, so... Yeah, there is a sense of ruined, I think. Of course, there is also a... you know, by asking that question, you were also demonstrating that that wasn’t really true, so... Kind of a... an interesting... You know, I feel like a question is about how I interpret... the world in a sort of... fairly fundamental way. In a conversation that we’re having,
41836	what do you think would be helpful for you to work on this week? I think what actually would be helpful, instead of focusing on the "should," the "musts," and writing that down, I think taking it how you did, with the next step, like going that next level. Because I think that is important for me to really get the concept that it is not just, "I should be."
41850	Yes, so let me let me make the analogy a little bit worse by stretching it more than it probably needs. So now turning to your personal trainer the coach, and you’re running a relay race and one of your relay race partners has a broken leg, but the coach is still trying to train you to win the race, that’s I think more how it feels. Well if you just run twice as fast like, you know, you guys will almost be as good as you were.
41874	into this do this race or, you know. But that’s not the personal that’s not that’s a separate issue. You go to a personal trainer, the personal trainer helps you get to that train for the race. Whether you actually want to take the steps to do the race is a very important question, but it’s not one that you talk about with the personal trainer.
41878	Those are all risks. But if you do it correctly that way you could avoid all these risks and not actually permanently dam the scars which you can't really avoid. The other problem with you cutting or hurting yourself in any other way is that it doesn't stop the problem.
41916	That may be a way to acknowledge your birthday. And if you frame it, you know, as like, you know, would you like to come have…go out to dinner together so that it doesn’t imply that you’re hosting the whole thing. But people can go out to dinner and each pay and that’s a way for you to acknowledge your birthday. Yeah. I feel like I’ve lost touch with all my friends because I have. Who would you like to reach out to? I’m not sure. It seems like it’s important to connect again with them.
42058	Do you tell yourself: I must find the answer, I must find the solution? I'm very very frustrated at this point because the pain is just debilitating. I've been feeling it since April and I was sick last year for a period of three months and when I just started to get better from being really, really ill and I wasn't able to walk
42092	bye-I'll-see-you-tomorrow sort of conversation on my part .But on her part it was a, so glad to see you, I've been thinking about you every day. I know we haven't talked, but I've been thinking about you. To which I sort of... I said, well, you're life hasn't been exactly great either. She's been fired from her job for failure to be organized at all. To which she responded, yeah, but... something to the extent of, that's not an excuse. So no, I don't think I'm not on their radar? I think that...
42102	And so it’s – in the back of my mind I’m always like I’m the person who’s putting her baby through this horrible ordeal. Yeah. And – You know, and my mom, I know will sort of use this to further like blur the lines between me and her. And say, “Oh, I did this
42109	I think the Wellbutrin was before then, too. Then again, I usually like taking the generic one; and I don't really have my old pill bottles so that I could go and . . . See what batch you were at. Yeah. I don't even know if the pharmacy would have records going back that far because that would be a lot of information to hold onto for a really long time. I really don't know about that.
42128	Oh well isn't that interesting notice your self-evaluation. Telling your father what you think and feel makes you a bitch? That's my go to...my go to, I have to, I end up allowing myself to feel guilty when he's being caring and telling me what he thinks I should do and I don't go with it.
42151	as we're coming to a close, I might want to just write down a few of those, 'cause I that stuff I forget. Once the session ends, I forget that last piece of it. The last piece is, I think, the clincher, because you can have other thoughts but then, at the end
42161	the A's all that. Oh. And then, when it came to the... ...Disputing... ...Disputing part, it was a little harder, but it definitely got easier as I did more, because I did a bunch. So, yeah, it just
42252	Not really, you know. Micah was kind of explaining to me how it's difficult sometimes, like it's kind of — you know, that's why even her talking to me, I think for her it was more of just "hey, let's try" more than really — she just saw the low motivation. Right. She fixes things with drugs, that's what she does. I mean, you've got a history of not picking things up. What else did I not pick up?
42253	Yes. So sort of try to assess, based on your current investment, be very crude, you know, later outcome on current investment maybe is not a very good way to go. Yes. I think that’s clarifying. I was sort of sitting here thinking about so, if I were to stay
42261	There is almost nowhere else in the country where my skills would be less valuable than they are here in terms of there just being a critical mass of people with a Humanities degree here. I see. There are a lot of people who are Brown-educated in some obscure discipline here, just a lot of them. And it’s really fun, but it also means that finding a job is that much harder; and that’s not going to be the case in other places.
42301	I’m giving him a hard time trying to like both take care of me and take care of our family in this way. But if I think too hard about that, then I say, “Well, I’m just a terrible person for being upset in the first place.” Yeah, I can’t hold it. Yeah. Yeah you have sort of a split. Which is a strange feeling, because it’s very different from not being able to conceptualize it.
42317	It’s a very noticeable moment of having disconnected from your friends. So maybe that’s not, you know, something that you involve the people in. But you’ve also noticed that you’ve really disconnected from your friends and you have missed being part of a group and the music piece fits that.
42341	Right! I'm really worried about the threats and the note and I'm very worried about it obviously but I'm also again, it sounds horribly selfish but I've taken a moment and am realizing this is really tough to deal with. I'm not doing it completely alone obviously but it feels like that sometimes when I'm not here. Yeah.
42364	I don't know. Just that one day — I think it's been — part of it was the ability to get into the office and do some work, you know. At least yesterday, although I didn't finish that title, I felt productive even though I wasn't. So I think that's helped. That's why I'm wondering if the Adderall works, how much that will change things, just getting work done. Take a couple extra ones and I'll clean the apartment. Sir Speedy.
42383	Yeah. And then having to kind of pick your way around big piles of stuff, and then they decided to get four kittens recently. Which - That’s a lot of kittens. Yeah, they only have two now, they’re getting two more. And all I could think is, that’s the worst idea ever. Also their apartment has wall to wall cream rugs. Yeah. I’m like, this is not going to go well. In the room where the kittens are right now, it’s already like, just gross.
42391	The point person. So it’s like, “All right, here we go.” But you do have help. Right. Both for yourself and for him directly. Yeah. Good. Yeah. I mean, it was just like, I don’t know, like a I guess another thing you could do and probably need insurance for this, but be day treatment for a few weeks.
42393	It is you taking on the role of captain, watching the ship, watching the turbulent environment, making a choice about how you perceive, what is going on, and the attitude, working on having greater compassion for yourself as you identify the old, habitual selfdamnation... Right.
42426	So it's doing what you can to manage the anxieties that you have control over, and it sounds like with the dinner situation it's really about seeing if you can separate a little bit the control that the depression has on Sydney versus the control that his depression has on you and allowing yourself some independence from his depression. It also doesn't say that I couldn't go out by myself, other than now I'm spending all the money.
42451	The break is not going to come from a parent right now saying "Let me come and visit," even I wish, maybe in my heart of hearts do I wish I could come and just descend in your life. Of course I can't do that so how else to we build in kind of quiet, internal parent that gives the both of you a little bit of breathing room in all of this
42475	It makes me a little annoyed that I have to do this in the first place and I can't just express my anger and then deal with it. But like... I can understand that. You're taking on a lot of the responsibility. And it's just like I feel sometimes like I'm the one doing everything. Mm hmm. I think that's part of why you feel so upset is because you do feel like that. Yeah. You feel like you're doing your fair share of getting this to work.
42497	You sit you might like sit and sort of talk about news events or talk about what’s going on or what you’re thinking about and progress through that to talk some about like what’s going on in your life. And sort of here’s a whole conversation that has many different parts that are not really related but in some ways like form the whole thing. Is that a am I describing an experience you understand?
42501	There was this pretty Facebook conversation last night about deaf children and cochlear implants, a bad choice and all of that. I don’t know if it was talking like people clearly didn’t know very many deaf people or weren’t in touch with that community because it was very why ever would you not give your child a chance to hear? That is an incredibly cruel and terrible choice.
42567	but I know how to manage information and I know how to do these logistical things so I go to those things because they're solvable or closer to solvable. What do I do that my wife want to kill herself? You handle the practical problems and they are the practical problems of who needs to know what and what do I need to do to make it from one day to the next.
42608	to the job portion of I feel like I have to find the right job, you know, on one level, so that my wife doesn’t kill herself. And on another level, that I am happy somewhere for the next several years. On another level, so that I pick the right one so that I have the career that I want even though I don’t exactly know what career I really want. It matters what I do next.
42632	And started doing cocaine. So... Yeah, it's weird, because I can't be like oh, I stopped drinking and started studying and exercising, because I also started doing a very hard drug. And I was having health problems, but I somehow I don't know what happened. I think I also started taking classes I was interested in. I think that has a lot to do
42641	That's important too and we'll kind of cross that bridge when we come to it but I think there's a little bit more that can get communicated both from you and from me before your at that place and that in the meantime you need a break right now.I would watch movies, I would cook dinner, I would try to keep it lighthearted for a little bit and know that you're going to keep coming back here and talking about it. He's going to be a very big turning point in his own therapy now
42713	that ownership that I can make decisions as well and even just now on the way coming back from work my father's already like "How are you feeling? Are you going to see the neurologist?" he's got similar back pain and issues, and if I ever say to him like "Dad maybe you should try, not should,
42732	Mm hm. So even there may be ways this plays out with Ivan sometimes. Can you be taken care of by him? Is there anything he could do that would actually take care of you? So - And can you Oh, go ahead.
42753	and I told her most of the things that there was to tell her and she responded, unlike anyone else has, like you know and I talked to her. Unlike Josh, who we talk about most things, how I feel and how he feels, probably more about how I feel, there's always guilt and like extra stuff that comes along with the conversations but, I don't know, she just completely understood whatever I was saying and still seemed to think that we were amazing and wonderful people and had a great life,
42769	A little anxiety. Yeah. I don't seem to have that many kind of much annoying side effects. That's great. Yeah. So everything's been okay? Yeah, I personally think that's been okay. If I'm losing things; I'm losing them completely enough that I don't know that it's gone, which is good enough. I've had one person a number of years ago who had had a
42817	Well, I mean You just can't be there for his heart things that he's trying, all the supplements he takes and all the stuff he does he doesn't try to make himself calm. He's lucky to have you. Yep. And lately he tells me that which is always nice to hear. Yeah. And you're lucky to have him. He got you up and out of the house and running this morning which was a great lift to your mood. Well, right. to take care of each other.
42842	I think kind of guilty, but then, when I started having my stomach problems when I was 19, what would happen is I would wake up the mornings after eating late at night and be sick to my stomach. So it turned into a physical thing. But yeah, I would feel guilty, but if I kept eating, then I didn't feel guilty. So then I started eating more and more and more, because the longer I was eating for, the longer
42846	Your goal is to get a job and you can spend a lot of energy trying to make an assessment or assumption about what the employer wants or has to offer... Yeah. But you don't really know unless you ask. And is it okay to send that sort of e-mail to something? If... Sure. "I'm interested in this position. I noticed that there was no compensation mentioned. Is compensation available for this position?" Uh huh.
42888	Me too. So I would a couple of days ago, but all of my friends are depressed; like all of them. And I was talking to Lucy about this; about how, you know, I had plans with Yvonne later this week, and I was really dreading it, because Yvonne’s miserable about the divorce, and she feels like her life is over, and she’s behind on work; she does freelance writing and she also has a day job; like 25 hours a week.
42900	and then I had him go downstairs and get me a challah roll because also I had been feeling like a little bit of stomach acid trying to reduce all that and so he went downstairs and got me a challah roll that we split it and so I ate my half and then I was able to go to sleep. But there's no way to prevent myself from waking up in the middle of the night really. You don't have a lot of control when you're sleeping and it's very disruptive to be woken with that anxiety.
42907	I don't know. I'm just sad and scared. Does anything come to mind about what you're scared about? I don't know. Something about my father. I think just with this whole thing about potential abuse in July I just couldn't help but have it in the back of my mind to think, you know, was it my father. I mean what if it was my father? Now I'm just back to a blank. Did you go there all at once or was it a gradual process? What? Going back? Was it like a switch?
42949	those are the things that are talking right now as you think about what could go wrong or why it might not work in your life; that’s the anxiety and depression talking. You can listen to those things, but then you make a choice that’s good for you.
42957	is that, in that memory are you, is it sort of an anger refusal or is just like I'm not interested? No, it's kind of an aversion. An aversion. Like, almost a disgust? A what? A disgust response.
42958	It's probably the commute more than anything else. I'm not sure what would be a good solution for making sure I have time for dinner. So when you think back, you said there haven't been nights that you actually haven't had dinner. There haven't been nights that I haven't had dinner. So you don't worry about not having dinner. Well there have been nights I've had to delay it and stuff. So what's the worst-case scenario for you? What are you really worried about when you're having to delay it?
42993	Tomorrow? Tomorrow, yes. I explained that to him and he's like "Okay," and I said "You know how you get when you get frustrated? I'm not really ready to talk right now," because when he's in pain he'll say "I'm cranky..." so I basically shared that with him, that I just wasn't really feeling up to it and that I was having a cranky feeling type moment.
43011	No I don't find it easy at all. That's like my hardest thing. And you just described to me that you were assertive with them moments ago without even indicating that it was a great achievement, in other words it sounds like you were just able to let yourself state your truth in an assertive way. Oh, see I thought I was a bitch.
43017	Yeah, so you you suggested that you would want for me to feel good about situations that are not idea. Um hmm. Is the non-ideal intentionally unbounded there? Yes. Seeing equating non-ideal descriptions with situations that are bad is exactly the problem I'm trying to address. I want to decouple that association. Because look
43040	Yes. Yes. That kind of, I kind of just accepted it. I haven't really dealt with it, I think. I think Harold expressed more. He was more in touch with being angry about that than I was. I don't know. I think at the time I was more concerned about what my mother was going to do. So, when it was all happening and then afterwards it just was. Now I think you're right. Now when I want to retire, I can't. So, it is an issue. On that practical level, which has deep emotional implications and feeling
43052	And if you just add staying in the present it's not working right now that actually takes a little bit of the intensity off because it makes it a little bit less overwhelming to think that you're going to be stuck in this particular situation forever is unbearable. To think that you're going to be stuck I a horrible situation for a limited time is still totally uncool but it's less than bearable.
43055	...because I'm annoyed at him because he keeps on doing the same things over and over again while promising not, while promising not to do them. It's just like how do I trust you if you don't ever follow through on your promises? Which I guess it's an over generalization. It's not like he never follows through. But... So you keep telling him that you're angry... Yeah. ...and he keeps saying, "I'm sorry." Yeah. So which one of you is going to stop doing the same thing over and over?
43075	What did they do? They made me throw up. That's it? No shrink? Nope. eleven year old to a shrink when they eat a bunch of cigarettes. Crazy. I mean crazy of your parents you were a super-depressed eleven year old. It's pretty unusual for that age to do something like that. I mean fifteen, okay. Eleven, not so much. I've seen certainly girls who want to jump out a window or something; but kids just don't usually try stuff.
43095	is really frustrating. How long does it take you to get back to sleep? I don't think it took me too long. You know I got up to like go to the bathroom and was talking to Sydney a little bit because he had also woken up but I don't think he woke me up
43105	it sounded accusatory to me and he called me back after a while cause he couldn't wait to hear if I had gotten hold of Dr. Bourd and he's telling me that Ivan has had some struggles with this before, he's like "Ivan doesn't know it but he wrote a poem in seventh grade and his teacher called me because it was dark..." and I wanted to say "Why didn't you do anything, why didn't you...?" But all I said was "I feel like clearly in grad school, even a little before, Ivan needed some help with this and he didn't get it."
43109	The therapist or something. But that’s not really Yeah, and you probably feel like, you go over there at pretty much any hour, and the kid is likely still up.
43121	There are some big things I'd like to know when really...see his struggle with attention or memory or he's like "No, that's all he's been there." They never...and I mentioned, I said someone,
43141	I'm not sure what further description of the problem will do if we both already grasp what the problem is. Or, maybe the point is, I don't fully grasp what the problem is, but I think that's the part I'm not sure that you specifically don't fully grasp, maybe we don't know all of what's at stake. I mean, you're not one to do something because you're feeling that it's going to set your already fragile way around suicide alley, over the edge. That construction, yeah. Okay. Well, that's logical. That makes sense.
43167	What would happen if you called him? He would tell me "I'm really sorry to hear that, let me know if there's anything I can do." He would care but talking about feelings is not something he does and he would really take the, you know, "I'm really cross that Ivan didn't get a job" or "He needs to be working." He wouldn't take the very practical like...he's someone who doesn't take care of his own health so I mean he's worried about me. If anything he's pretty disappointed I think with the way Ivan has been.
43174	vindictive, or deliberately intended as a punishment, but you know, she just really couldn’t cope with like doing another load of laundry. But still, like – Yeah, if Madison were my kid, I wouldn’t want Yvonne to have – even have full custody. And of course I can’t say that to her, because I’m supposed to be on her side with the divorce, and just Right. I’m sorry; this has turned into like third party diagnosing of Yvonne’s problems instead of talking about me. I
43213	It just feels confining in the house all the time, but I don’t want to be around bunches of people. Have you felt depressed? I have always been mildly more sad than usual, I guess. Lately I feel like I am suffocating and like I need space. I want to be alone. Have you had feelings of suicide or homicide? No. Suicide was a thought as I was growing up, but I can’t leave my girls.
43223	Yeah. So the goal of setting up the chart is that it gets you to do things that give you a chance at getting what you want. Uh huh. So if the chart gets you to apply to more things, to not let things that are possibilities slip by then it's doing it's job. Okay. It's not a freebie trip. No.
43230	that there was no particular…talking about my fears of being off-putting. So…and I’m also sensitive to changes in the world around me of any kind, particularly other people. Who knows why? I just know…so. That’s something that plays in to my mind. Phrasing internships there. I feel like I’m asking a lot, but you need not be willing to give, and I really appreciate that you… see
43237	I can't just be there like the one to argue against you." Does he argue against you? He will. He'll be like, "No, everything is going to be okay. You don't need to kill yourself." Does that help? Not really. I told him he doesn't have to argue against me. He wants some sign that I'm fighting it and later, after the conversation,
43252	Nothing specific. I was all over the place. To where? I don't know. I was thinking on the one hand, what sucks now is I'm full of anxiety, but what is the next thing that's going to happen? Like what's the next bad thing that's going to happen? Today I was like, "I could try to write about this," but then, of course, I was thinking, "Yeah, well that's what I say about a lot of things and then I don't actually do anything."
43297	So when you do the shopping, could you stock a few necessities just of your own at your place that wouldn't be shared. In theory. The problem is that certain things like if I have pasta I really want to have cheese on it. If I have cheese that I can actually bring it to my house I have to go down to Hamden, so it's not like I can just . . . So you wouldn't be able to have everything there.
43304	But it's not going to work for you. You need to speak each other's language. You know what works for him and you can give him what works. It sounds like what you need to do is give him something that works for you that he can feed back to you. If that's hugs or just sitting together, then that's what it is. I'm glad we figured out something to try that might help. Yeah, I think it should work. Hopefully I won't be at a point that I need to use that, but I probably will, considering that even today I'm just . . .
43309	I am having trouble with fear of germs and fear of intruders coming to attack my family. I feel that if I don’t do certain things each day that bad things will happen. Would you like to tell me about your troubles with cleaning, checking and counting and what you feel will happen if you don’t do these? If you have questions or don’t understand something at any point during this interview, please feel free to ask me for clarification. Are you comfortable telling me about your troubles specifically?
43330	Other than being annoyed at my dad being... Like when he sends me stupid things that make no sense like internship, internship that doesn't mention anything about being paid at like this Jewish girls school which has absolutely has nothing to do with my field. Also it's all the way out in nowhere and then like then I'd have to drive. And it's... I don't know. Like if an internship doesn't say it's paid and doesn't say it's unpaid, is the assumption ? or is there not an assumption you can make?
43353	but that usually goes hand-in-hand with the other ones. So like here’s a range of possible mechanisms for a chemical reaction. We can rule out all but two of them. We can’t decide between them but leave at least ruled out all of the other ones. You did that some time ago, right? You presented the manifold of worlds in which I would be okay and hence, essentially two features on it. So,
43394	I mean, I think most of it's just stems from his depression. That's like why I've been staying is because he can get better from that depression. Eventually, he will and then he won't be like this anymore. I mean, some things might still be the same but like he won't... You know, the low libido won't be an issue anymore and, I mean, I guess he'll still be an insomniac but if I can separate my plans from his... I think me having a job would also help things a lot because then I would be getting out of the house and stuff.
43476	So I'm in there waiting and I see him looking in the window at me. I was like, am I going to get hit while I'm waiting here for Chinese food? Well, I'm glad you're okay. Yeah. It would've been a big relief, you know. A lot of pressure off my shoulders.
43483	You've got to wash the pot out, empty the thing, put the filter in, and put the coffee in. I don't know why. These little things in life just get in my way. The hiccups. I wonder if Lucille is going to go with her grandmother when she picks her up today. You mean she might get cranky?
43514	into abusive with her I’m really – I’m not – this probably sounds weird, but my intent is not to be critical of her as a mom so much as to say, I imagine it’s terribly disturbing to watch. Yeah. And more so because, you both know it. Yeah. Like she’s not containing the kid at all. No. And like it’s super frustrating when we hang out,
43530	It’s not a difference both groups seem to want. I don’t know. If we did move, this would be the first time that I moved to a new city where I didn’t know anybody or didn’t know more than a couple of people and wasn’t already in some sort of graduate program or a workplace or something to anchor me. It doesn’t make me anxious, but I feel like maybe it ought to. I think that that could go really badly,
43536	Or I wish I - Like at a job interview, you mean? Yeah. That could be. Hm. Or as simple as, "I wish I hadn't kept my sister waiting." Or, "I wish I was more decisive about that." And it's "I hate myself." And then it can stay low for a little while. Ah.
43539	My friend Jean is meeting me there because her daughter, she's not working right now. Her daughter lives in San Francisco and the plan was originally that she would come, drive to San Francisco with me so he could meet Melanie, but doesn't off during weekends. So, my daughter is coming out to Austin while we're there and then I'll have some free with time and then I'm working and then on Thursday we're getting a car and driving to San Fran.
43609	Yeah. You know, things like taking care of him and making food and doing all these things that like, you know, when I was sick and he was panicking, I would still do things for him. You know? I would still make him food even when I was sick or like do crazy things like emptying the dishwasher at his place, standing on a chair while dizzy which I really should not have been doing and things like that. But when he's sick and I'm panicking because he's sick,
43614	And then I was like, “Oh shit. I have to leave right now”. So that was just a little bit　much. But it was weird. I didn’t exactly I wouldn’t say I had a good time, I wouldn’t say I had a　bad time. It was mostly just a lot, is how I felt about it.
43634	Yeah, I'm not sure where to begin so I it's a strange thing come and not know what I'm asking to consult with you on. But that's where I am. Well, I don't think of it as session to session but I think of it as what you've framed what you're asking for consultation on. This is part of the process. Okay, well thanks. That's helpful.
43638	Ah. So does he not agree that what he's doing is detrimental to the relationship? I guess he doesn't. He thinks that I'm being the detrimental one by getting mad. Oh. I mean, somewhat he... I don't know. I guess with the staying up late thing. He thinks he's an adult. He's entitled to do that. I'm like, "Okay. But if you make promises for the next day and stuff it's really frustrating." And... Like he does admit sometimes that some of the stuff he does it self destructive especially because he is an insomniac and trying to fix that.
43669	And was the hope that had I had a miscarriage or had an abortion or something like this – I guess those were the two conditions under which I would be pregnant and not have a child right, I guess those were the only two – that I would say more about that or just that it would be acknowledged or what would happen? That’s a good question.
43674	but it would be a big pain. And there's no gluten-free market in between here and work? Nope. There is not a gluten-free market between here and Cheshire. They sell a lot of things that are gluten-free in grocery stores; or rather there is this one symbol that appears on a lot of cheeses that my house doesn't accept.
43699	Well, it sounds like you have extreme reactions sorry, There's no need to apologize for your feelings. You have strong feelings so you get really pumped when there's something to get up for and you get a good reaction and it sounds like you had a good talk and you get really sad when there's something sad. That's just part of who you are and it's okay. It makes me feel crazy. It doesn't seem crazy from where I sit. I wonder why it feels not okay for you to have those highs and lows.
43778	Hi. Hi. I kind of need a haircut
44521	Hi. How are you? How's going your week?
53555	According to Episode No. 4 4 d 5 9 2 2 4 6, c Anny Bridges, a patient born on May 22, 1988, with the medical record number 4 4 1 5 9 2 h k p and lab number 4 4 d 5 9 2 2 4
53563	her consultation took place in the 3/9 Jennie Cox Close department, where She was attended by Dr. McKane and Dr. Goodwin. Further assessments were conducted, noting a pack year history of 40. as her treatment continued, Dr. Alford and Dr. Allen were also involved in her case with follow up documentation recorded on April 21, 2064.
53593	and a team based approach to patient care with various specialists working together to provide The best possible treatment.
53594	The medical record 4 0 5 9 7 4 q b v associated with patient Robyn Patrice Girolamo, born on May 29, 2000,
53597	She resides at Holy Harbour, Mildura, Queensland, ZIP Code 6038, and was born on April 16, 2011. on July 4, 2012, at 1:47 PM, Stacy was admitted to Orana Department at Port Pirie Hospital, where She was examined by Dr. Adam.
53609	The medical record 7 1 8 9 3 0 8 g r c associated with patient Leandra Langehennig, born on October 2, 1984, with ID number 7 1 v 9 3 0 8 2, 6 c
53610	Additionally, two critical dates stand out August 14, 2062, and August 14, 2062, These dates indicate key moments in Mason’s medical journey requiring follow ups and further evaluations. on This occasion, Dr. Allen
53615	Additional tests were conducted at The Tasman multi purpose Centre and The Children’s Hospital, at Westmead. A supplementary FISH analysis performed on December 1, 2062, revealed amplification of CDK4 and d d i t 3
53634	Meet Oliva Oladipo, a patient currently receiving care at Gympie Hospital under the supervision of SA Pathology. Born on January 24, 2002, Oliva resides on Forest Knoll in Taree, within the Australian Capital Territory, postal code 3792.
53636	at 09:55 AM, an important timestamp in Her medical journey. Her case continued with further examinations on August 7, 2062, with Dr. Beal playing A role in Her medical follow up
53638	Let’s discuss the medical history of Eric Barnes, whose case is recorded under Episode Number 9 8 y 6 2 8 5 4 8 q and medical Record Number 9 8 9 6 2 8 5 k v q
53639	For any further inquiries or medical assistance regarding Maria’s case, the contact Number 8382 9154 is available.
53645	An earlier medical Record also notes a consultation on June 20, 2012, at 1:25 PM. Further follow ups took place on August 23, 2062, with Dr. Zubac, and again on August 27, 2062, under the care of Dr. Grant. the next day, on August 28,
53655	0 7 j k j correspond to Lab Number 6 5 t 9 0 7 3 4 a key identifier in Her ongoing treatment.
53685	U Sorbera noted further immunohistochemical staining. The tumor cells were positive for synaptophysin, chromogranin a and keratin 19, The latter being associated with a poorer prognosis.
53692	Clinically, The patient presented with a left renal lesion consistent with renal cell carcinoma, identified as a small intrarenal mass previously biopsied. a frozen section diagnosed The lesion as clear cell carcinoma, and results were communicated by Dr. H Mounger
53703	This Report is significant and has been referenced multiple times, including the additional Report of pathology 19-5034545, which
53706	and lab number 7 1 a 2 5 2 6 9 details a comprehensive account of his medical condition. The patient resides on Casa Mia Street in Kingaroy,
53708	This is a summary for the medical case of Cimeno Renaldo, with ID number 4, 2 u 1 4, 0 5 9 1 c and medical record 4, 2 8 1 4, 0 5 y e c the laboratory number for This case is 4, 2 u 1 4, 0 5 9
53742	Dr. M Wolff. The report includes dates of October 1, 2062, and October 29, 2062, indicating a supplementary report The distribution includes Dr. McInturff, Dr. Ngarrindjeri. The most recent date associated with The report is July 30, 2065.
53746	Microscopic examination, reported by Dr. Q Breyers, confirmed a poorly differentiated carcinoma consistent with a Müllerian type, tumor. The tumor. was composed of sheets and trabeculae of cells with large, pleomorphic nuclei and eosinophilic cytoplasm, with scattered highly atypical multinucleated cells
53749	and His lab number is 7 3 h 4 2 9, 5 8 Gordan’s treatment and care are provided at Dumbleyung Memorial Hospital, specifically within the Dickinson 3 South department. Gordan’s most recent medical visit took place on April 3 2014, at 11:26 AM, followed by another entry at 11:23 PM on the same day.
53762	Jalen lives on Emack Street, Curlewis, WA, ZIP code 7321. He was born on November 5, 1999, and has undergone multiple medical evaluations over the years. on June 22,
53787	His medical record number is 9, 4 7 8 0 7 6 s w p with lab number 9, 4 t 8 0 7 6 6 Born on April 9, 1983, Chris health records indicate a recent visit on June 11, 2064, where he was seen by doctors from Envoi Pathology at Tara Hospital.
53799	papillary urothelial carcinoma (WHO 2004) with superficial invasion into The lamina propria. No evidence of detrusor muscle invasion is present.
53810	The slide was examined by Dr. O Nusz on August 10, 2062, who diagnosed adenocarcinoma with 40% malignant cells, requiring macro dissection The EGFR mutation test, performed on October 10, 2062, was negative, meaning no mutation was detected. The interpretation stated that The tumor sample, from Kieran Lamar Clyde Moriarty,
53822	specimens were collected on August 27, 2012, at 11:34 AM, from Southern IML, located at The Lismore Base Hospital, Riverlands Drug Alcohol Service. The report involves multiple doctors, including Dr. Simran Charissa Huckabey,
53840	with ID number 4 0 o 9 7 4 6 0 8 b and lab number 4 0 o 9 7 4 6 0 provides a detailed account of her condition.
53845	The final diagnosis confirmed moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma involving The rectosigmoid colon peritoneum ovaries, and omentum, consistent with intraperitoneal metastatic spread from The patient’s previous colorectal carcinoma
53860	1 1 7 and CD34 and negative desmin and smooth muscle actin staining These findings were documented in a supplementary report dated June 12, 2064
53862	Based on the lab report No. 8 7 d 0 9 0 6 7 these records, ensure that Nida receives comprehensive and continuous care with Her health history meticulously preserved for ongoing treatment and evaluation.
53892	7, 9, 1 6 1 Tom resides at Oxendon, Silverdale, Victoria, ZIP Code 7248. He was born on July 7, 1985. on July 9, 2012, at 9:14 AM, Tom was admitted to the Coronary Care Unit at Narrandera Hospital,
53897	Episode No. 9 4 y 0 2 0 4 3, 3, u Oliver Antonio, born on June 25, 2017, is a patient whose medical journey is documented under the medical record number 9 4 9 0 2 0 4 j j u
53920	by Dr. Gerald Gucwa At 16:35 on April 9, 2014. The final diagnosis is a moderately differentiated serous and endometrioid adenocarcinoma originating in The “Right ovary” with involvement of The left ovary” left parametrial soft tissue, uterine serosa, and omentum. Additionally, a small focus of CIN 3 is identified in The cervix.
53927	at The Immunology Department of Echuca Regional Health. The patient, born on October 24, 2008, resides at Stockdale, Ipswich, South Australia, ZIP code 3111. This report, involving examinations by Drs. Roger Caden Maier, E. Brusser, and E. Kochis,
53934	under the care of Dr. Gregorio Lynwood Slemmer. the case was also reviewed by Dr. MM, Dr. CU, and Dr. I Harkenreader, with additional examinations noted on June 6, 2064. the final diagnosis was adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
53948	at The HAPS Department of Mungindi Hospital under The care of Dr. Nate Khokher, with microscopic analysis conducted by Dr. U. Gmernicki. The diagnosis confirms moderately differentiated serous carcinoma of probable peritoneal origin.
53963	George resides on Roseglen Street in Bacchus Marsh, Victoria, with postal code 2258. His recent Hospital. visit took place on September 10, 2063, under the supervision of the Macquarie Ward department. His lab tests are associated with lab No. 9 6 c 2, 5 9 3 1
53988	followed by another visit on August 27, 2062, overseen by Dr. Kross. the next recorded consultation was on August 28, 2062, with Dr. Davis, ensuring continuous monitoring of His health status.
53994	Episode No. 6 5 o 6 8 5 5 7 8 k chronicles the medical journey of Taylor Mitchell, a patient under the care of the Acute care Ward at Penola War Memorial Hospital. Taylor born on January 30, 2007, resides on Rocher Street in Terranora, Northern Territory, postal code 2660. His medical
54003	The case was handled by multiple doctors, including Dr. Cleveland Clifton Kliethermes, Dr. Richie Ramariz, Dr. CX, Dr. FW, Dr. U Clayter, and Dr. U Wehmeyer. a significant date related to This report is June 9, 2064. a supplementary report dated June 17, 2064. by Associate Professor
54005	The medical record for Floyd Gavin Shelby Bruski, identified by ID number 9, 5, w 7 8 5, 4 1 9, 7 and medical record number 9, 5, 8 7 8 5, k f z documents findings from a hepatectomy procedure and gallbladder evaluation conducted at POW L7 Consulting Rooms and Dorrigo multi purpose Service.
54020	The report is prepared by Dr. Chase Wyatt Capria and Dr. TC. Additionally, there is a reference to The date October 3, 2062, for supplementary reporting. The microscopic examination, reported by Dr. T Chadek, confirms two separate liver tumors with similar morphology.
54025	This medical report is for Wesley Rauner, identified by medical record 6 3 4 4 5 6 6 y x Q. Lab No: 6 3 k 4 5 6 6 9 and ID number 6 3 k 4 5 6 6 9 9 Q. residing in West Bolivar, Windsor, Queensland, ZIP code
54043	0 8, q 3 7 9 6 5 Tereasa resides on Nicanoa Street in Lara, New South Wales, with a postal code of 6564. Her journey through the healthcare system has been well documented with treatment taking place at Peel Health Campus
54046	clarifies that The institution uses a three tier system for reporting. serous carcinoma with moderate and high grades corresponding to high grade in a two tier system
54056	The final diagnosis confirmed extensive low grade mucinous neoplasm with pseudomyxoma peritonei features, with widespread serosal involvement of all removed organs and parenchymal involvement of both ovaries. The findings were consistent with a clinical history suggesting The appendix as The origin of The mucinous neoplasm
54068	Jolin resides on Reddall Street, Encounter Bay, Australian Capital Territory, ZIP code 3783. Born on December 3, 2019, she has undergone multiple medical evaluations and treatments.
54098	beginning with a visit on April 15, 2064, during which she was seen by Dr. Wagner. Subsequently, Sabrina had an appointment on April 19, 2064, where both Dr. Martin and Dr. Stephenson were involved in her treatment.
54117	on August 21, 2063, a tissue specimen was collected at the Molecular Diagnostic Oncology Department of Blayney Multipurpose Service under the care of Dr. Edward Evadne Stouten. the case was also reviewed by Dr. JW, and Dr. X. Neary, with further examinations noted on August 22, 2063,
54120	and the right common iliac lymph node, which was tumor, free Examination of the sigmoid appendix indicated old fat necrosis with no tumor, while the omentum displayed metastatic serous carcinoma, deposits. the date September 18, 2062,
54132	Today, we are reviewing the medical history of Nikola Mood, whose records are listed under Episode Number 8 3, z 1 7 9 7 0 6 w and medical Record Number 8 3, 9 1 7 9 7. a q w
54155	The clinical findings indicate a recurrence of pseudomyxoma peritonei with bowel obstruction originating from The appendix, a condition. previously diagnosed as a low- grade mucinous neoplasm under lab number 0 7 l 1, 9 0 4 1, The report includes a detailed examination of three specimens.
54185	At 12:01 PM, Eric was seen at the Forensic Medicine Department of Beaconsfield District Health Service. His attending physician at that time was Dr. West. His records indicate a 15 Year: smoking history
54188	the final diagnosis included fibrovascular tissue in the liver surface, sample metastatic adenocarcinoma in the spleen and omentum, and a confirmed 4mm gastrointestinal stromal tumor, in the gastric nodule the case was supplemented with additional findings reported by Dr. L Mudd on June 12, 2064
54194	documents Her ongoing care at Nathalia District Hospital, where she has been receiving treatment within the medic surgery Ward. Her case, associated with Lab number 1 7 n 3 4 2, 6 4 1 7 n 3 4 2, 6 4 includes multiple important dates.
54202	He has been under the care of Penola War Memorial Hospital, specifically within the St. Vincent’s Pathology department. Roy’s most recent visit was on April 6, 2014, at 07:01 PM at Penola War Memorial Hospital,
54210	We are reviewing the case of Ashley Iverson, identified with Episode Number 1 9 n 0 3, 4 5 4 5 e and Medical Record Number 1 9 5 0 3, 4 5 k p e Ashley’s Lab Number is 1 9 n 0 3, 4 5
54218	Episode No. 1 7 s 6 6 4, 4, 1 0 0 details the medical history of Alan Wesley, a patient receiving care within the Radiation Oncology department at Milton Ulladulla Hospital. Born on December 4, 2011, Alan resides on Wahnita Street in Mulwala, postal code 3691.
54219	This case. highlights the continued efforts of skilled healthcare providers in delivering comprehensive medical care, and support for their patients.
54251	Today, we are reviewing the medical records of Maria Cruz, identified under Episode Number 4 0 x 4 8 5, 6 1 5, d and medical Record Number 4 0 8 4 8 5, p d o Her Lab Number is 4 0 x 4 8 5, 6 1
54254	The patient, born on December 26, 1984, resides in Nimco, Gosford, South Australia, ZIP code 2828. The case involved multiple physicians, including Dr. Antone Horacio Miele, Dr. Robt, Dr. BJ, and Dr. S Bille.
54259	includes supplementary findings dated October 1, 2062, October 10, 2062, and October 23, 2062, The supplementary reports issued on October 1, 2062, and October 23, 2062, confirmed PR negativity and HER2 non amplification respectively.
54281	His attending physician at the time was Dr. Haliburton, with additional oversight from Dr. Payton and Dr. Turner. Years later, on August 27, 2062, Batty continued receiving treatment, this time under the care of Dr. Valentine and Dr. Knight. His medical journey highlights the importance of continued healthcare, with a dedicated team of professionals ensuring His well being over the decades.
54309	this carcinoma extensively involves The omentum, The surface of both ovaries, The fimbrial ends of both fallopian tubes, The uterine serosa, and The paradnexal soft tissue. this comprehensive analysis conducted on October 24, 2062, provides detailed insight into The extent and progression of The patient’s condition.
54350	This medical report pertains to Grayce Fallert, identified by medical record 8 4 0 1 5 7 n n t Lab number 8 4 b 1 5 7 5 5 and ID number 8 4 b 1 5 7 5 5 7 b Born on December 12, 1990, and residing in Marjorie Jackson, Blayney, QLD, ZIP code 2126,
54376	Patient Palmira Vredeveld, identified by ID number 9 7, p 2 2 7, 5 3 1 o and medical record number 9 7, 5 2 2 7, 5 i c o resides at E Joffre, Redcliffe, Northern Territory, 5118.
54389	the hospital responsible for His care is Laverton hospital where He was treated by several doctors, including Dr. Howard and Dr. Forst. His medical record is part of the Hunter Area department of the hospital
54414	Born on July 5, 2004, Katrina’s case is being documented under the medical record number 4 9 9 7 2 0 6 i x d with the episode ID 4 9 z 7 2 0 6 3 9 d Katrina’s treatment is being managed within the Hereditary Department, where Dr. Roland is overseeing her care with Dr. Claire also involved in her medical management.
54419	Dr. Craig is overseeing his case with additional medical input from Dr. Jordan. Another important update was also recorded on the same date September 26, 2063, ensuring a comprehensive approach to Kenny’s Health care with continuous monitoring and expert medical attention,
54420	Nida resides Nida resides at Kimball Hill, Launceston, QLD, 1314. She was born on July 28, 1997, and Her medical history has been carefully documented across multiple dates. One of the key events in Her record took place on May 29, 2012,
54423	Notably, one key date in This report is The supplementary report on September 13, 2062.
54439	South Australia, 4213. The patient, born on November 30, 1992, presented as a male with a history of a large retroperitoneal tumor. This tumor. was wrapped around The inferior vena cava, extending into The lesser sacs and down to The pelvis,
54462	0871. The medical report originates from The Intensive Care Unit at Normanton Hospital. The laboratory number is 4 9, s 1 0 7 4 7 and The specimen analyzed is tissue. The sample was collected on April 6, 2014, at 19:01.
54472	The medical record 7 1 0 2 5 2 r y e associated with patient Derrick Wiman, born on March 30, 2016, with ID number 7 1 a 2 5 2 6 9 1 h
54496	March 11, 2064, stands as a significant date in Oliva’s medical history, marking a pivotal moment for Her ongoing assessments. Dr. Eriksen was also involved in Her medical care ensuring thorough oversight.
54499	Carol lives on South Tinnin, Bega, Northern Territory, with a ZIP Code of 2559. She was born on October 24, 2004. on July 11, 2012, at 10:29 AM,
54513	This case involves multiple physicians, including Dr. Ashley Freddie Rositano, Dr. QS, and Dr. L Lutjen, with supplementary reports finalized on June 10, 2064 and June 12, 2064
54514	The specimen, labeled as tissue, was collected on July 26, 2012, at 11:59 AM from The West Department at Tallangatta Health Service under The supervision of Dr. Jere Gueits. Another date, September 29, 2062, is noted in connection with Associate Professor. M Adair, who contributed to The case. The final diagnosis confirmed a recurrent leiomyosarcoma
54523	Today, we examine the medical history of Calvin Enger, a patient whose Episode Number is 9 7 a 9 1 4 3 9 9 o His medical record Number is 9 7 0 9 1 4 3 y y o and His lab Number is 9 7 a 9 1 4 3 9
54529	and she resides at Quincey, Bacchus Marsh, Western Australia, 5661. she was born on December 27, 1977, and the report involves tissue specimens collected on August 14, 2012, at 9:17 AM, at the West Department of Caloundra Hospital. the doctors involved include Maurice Letcher, Lino, and Suddath.
54537	Today, we are discussing the case of Dora Becker, a patient whose medical records are documented under the ID 3 9 1, 7 5 7 7 m i k Dora’s case is crucial for understanding the progression of her treatment, with a significant first consultation on July 1, 2062.
54554	as benign fibrovascular tissue a finding reported by Dr. L Rodnguez to Dr. Barge at 10:15 AM on April 4, 2014,
54568	on March 4, 2064, she had an evaluation, and April 20, 2064, was another critical date in Her medical journey. Further contributing to Her care Dr. Wade, Dr. Curry, and Dr. Beasley played essential roles in Her treatment, plan. Now at the age of 53,
54573	evidence of malignancy is present. The slides of The endometrial polyp were additionally reviewed by Dr. D Hersey for confirmation. The final diagnosis concludes that The uterus, ovaries, and fallopian tubes exhibit An endometrial polyp with focal complex hyperplasia and no other abnormalities.
54594	Additionally, there are references to dates October 30, 2062, and November 9, 2062, for supplementary reporting. Microscopically, The 40 mm left forefoot
54596	This case follows Cathy Hill, whose Episode Number is 2 9 m 2 9 2 3 8 2 u Her medical record Number is 2 9 4, 2 9 2 j v h and Her lab Number is 2 9 m 2 9 2 3 8
54599	Mike Crawford, with Medical Record Number 0 9 7 3 5 6 4 c b j and Lab Number 0 9 s 3 5 6 4
54619	2062, and Dr. Sharp, who contributed to His continued care Additionally, Dr. Black and Dr. Gay have played roles in managing His health across different medical institutions. Alan’s case. demonstrates the collaboration of multiple healthcare providers and institutions. ensuring comprehensive medical attention through every stage of His treatment.
54622	The medical report for patient Orval Stapelton, identified by ID number 7 5, a 8 6 1 6 9 6 d and medical record number 7 5, 0 8 6 1 6 z r d
54631	This medical report details the case of Ulva Florida Colabella, a 72 year old female patient identified by ID number 6 3 f 2, 3 3 7 2, 4 l and medical record 6 3 2, 2, 3 3 7 h l l the lab number is recorded as 6 3 f 2, 3 3 7 2,
54644	at 62 years old, Cathy’s health has been closely monitored, with additional care. provided by Dr. Wiggins and Dr. Smart. A key medical event occurred on June 4, 2012,
54645	carcinoma in the lung, measuring 48 mm in diameter. the tumor displayed histological heterogeneity with 45% poorly differentiated large cell carcinoma 20, usual adenocarcinoma, 20, clear cell adenocarcinoma, and 15%
54650	Clinically, the patient was diagnosed with endometrial cancer, specifically a Grade 2 endometrioid adenocarcinoma identified in curettings. Macroscopic examination included multiple specimens. the frozen section report indicated calcification and necrosis
54657	It is medical history has been carefully documented for ongoing care. on June 5, 2012, at 12:07 PM, Mason received medical attention at the Orana Department of Richmond Hospital. He was under the care. of Dr. Bosh, ensuring a thorough examination and treatment.
54661	The diagnosis confirmed a 35 mm adenocarcinoma. in The right upper lobe of The lung.
54680	This is a medical summary for patient Rosetta Soloway, identified by ID number 4 9, s 1 0 7 4 7 2 g and medical record 4 9, 7 1 0 7 l t h The patient's date of birth is October 29, 2032, and she resides in Tarporley, Newcastle, New South Wales, ZIP code
54682	a significant date in His medical history is August 8, 2062, when further assessments were conducted under the supervision of Dr. Dell.
54698	The primary doctors involved in His care include Dr. Wesley, Dr. Jordan, Dr. Bell, Dr. Allen, and Dr. Landfair. Chris had another visit on May 5, 2064, further demonstrating The continuity of His treatment. Additionally, a previous report
54702	Katrina Rose, a 64 year old patient, resides on Gobind Street, Sanctuary Point, New South Wales, with postal code 3387. She is currently under medical care at Cootamundra District Hospital.
54722	The medical record 2 9 9 3 1 0 7 q j x belongs to The patient Charline Dania Abed, with ID number 2 9 z 3 1 0 7 6 The report was last edited on June 20, 2064. The case involves multiple doctors, including Dr. SQ, and Dr. DV.
54756	Kenny Smith, a resident of North Napa in Tea Gardens, Australian Capital Territory (postal code 6957), is currently receiving medical care at Western District Health Service Penshurst. Born on November 26, 2004, Kenny’s case is documented under medical record number 7 5 6 8 7 0 3
54763	On July 3, 2012, at 4:11 PM, Nikola had a medical consultation at PathologyWest, located within Bamaga Hospital. He was treated by Dr. Charlotte at that time.
54769	This is a medical report for Annalisa Trexler, identified by ID number 5 9 k 8 4. 7, 5 9 4. t and medical record number 5 9 4. 8 4. 7, P. y k Her lab number is 5 9 k 8 4. 7, 5 9
54779	Subsequent evaluations were conducted on multiple dates. on August 22, 2063. Dr. Mood reviewed His condition. Further assessments followed on September 3, 2063. by Dr. Sabonis, September 4, 2063. by Dr. Jefferson, and September 5, 2063. by Dr. Freedom.
54783	Today, let’s take a look at the medical history of Mark Wall, recorded under Episode Number 1, 9 p 3 2 9 4 9 6 b and medical Record Number 1, 9 6 3 2 9 4 y r b His Lab Number is 1, 9 p 3 2 9 4 9
54812	Throughout Her medical experience, she has been under the care of dedicated healthcare professionals, including Dr. Marvin, Dr. Vincent, Dr. Kuminga, and Dr. Ellis. Her medical records highlight multiple follow up dates, with key appointments noted on July 1, 2062, November 8, 2062, and October 28, 2063. These dates, especially October 28,
54822	Episode No. 0 8, q 3 7 9 6 5 9 e Today, we take a closer look at the medical history of Tereasa Dekker, a patient born on June 22, 1989. Her medical record, identified as 0 8, 6 3 7 9 q p z is linked to lab number 0 8, q 3 7 9 6 5
54856	This highlights how extensive and long term care is provided to patients like Brendon making it clear that His treatment, plan spans several decades of consistent medical attention.
54869	Throughout the consultation Oliver’s health was monitored by a team of specialists. An important date in His medical timeline is June 3, 2064, when significant notes were recorded. the medical department handling Oliver’s care at the time was categorized under Hunter Area which plays a vital role in managing His health conditions.
54877	His medical record number is 5 2 6, 8 2 8 s h r and His lab number is 5 2 p 8 2 8 7 2
54893	followed by Dr. Walton on September 12, 2062, Additional medical oversight was provided by Dr. Prince, ensuring comprehensive Care This case underscores the significance of ongoing cardiovascular monitoring and professional medical support over a patient’s lifetime.
54903	Maria was later treated at Plantagenet Hospital, located at 3/9 Jennie Cox Close, with another recorded visit on September 5, 2062, During this time, she was seen by Dr. Sharp and Dr. Kaminsky.
54908	Dr. DY, and Dr. VU. The specimen collection date is June 16, 2064, with a report, date of June 17, 2064, at 9:55 AM on April 14, 2014, Dr. Q Herrea phoned The frozen section results to Prof. Q Earls.
54912	Born on June 17, 1988, he is a male patient residing in Colemans, Moama, QLD, with a postal code of 1156. a tissue specimen was collected on July 12, 2012, at 22:14, at The HAPS department of Swan Hill District Health Swan Hill
54916	This case focuses on Nida Terry, who is registered under Episode Number 8 7 d 0 9 0 6 7 6 y Her medical record Number is 8 7 1 0 9 0 6 s p y and Her lab Number is 8 7 d 0 9 0 6 7
54925	indicating an important medical event or follow up Additional records, include a July 2, 2062 entry linked to Dr. Sexton, and an August 10, 2062 entry associated with Dr. Fox. Her lab reports reference 8 7 d 0 9 0 6 7 8 7 d 0 9 0 6 7
54949	The record's date of January 3, 2062, underscores The timeline of These observations. and conclusions.
54957	revealed metastatic adenocarcinoma consistent with colorectal adenocarcinoma
54960	the patient has a history of colorectal cancer with a query for liver metastases. a frozen section was conducted on a sample from the liver surface, which was an irregular piece of tissue measuring 5x4x2mm.
54967	Calvin resides on Gunnels Wood Street in San Remo, WA, 2069. He was born on May 10, 2006, and His medical records provide a thorough account of His healthcare journey.
54990	The case was managed by Dr. Augustus Jay Aspley. Additional doctors involved in The case include Dr. CK. Significant dates related to this report include June 10, 2064, and June 18, 2064, Microscopic examination, reported by Dr. Z Gleghorn and Dr. Z Sommerville, confirmed A grade 3 endometrioid adenocarcinoma of The endometrium with minimal glandular formation
54999	This report concerns Bradly Vella, medical record 6 1 0 0 9 4 8 n m r and ID number 6 1 b 0 9 4 8 5 The last edited date is May 22, 2064. The clinical indication was adenocarcinoma of The cervix with a history of previous cone biopsy.